yo rip lil peep rip x this is a bop fr i bought your dad flowers rise and grind lmao that's cringe - EPIC morning routine cant hang today bro ima be on my own dick all day whats good yoo fred dude u look good oh come on i could eat at least two of those had to grind for this view NEW KOLD WORLD whatever ur doing, don't fuck it up #MondayMotivation super xan hit a million plays on spotify thank yall happy belated birthday justin bieber unpopular opinion: fuckin uh penguins suck fuckin ass theyre the worst animal wow happy birthday kydf bars eating a donut on the way to the gym new thats cringe - jake paul dissing teachers is the kanye stream good gearing up. pregame this weekend. #ad time get owned baby noel and i are playing a fortnite tournament with our patreon subs today at 4pm PST make sure to tune in and watch ugh mondays amiright more like fartnite ill call u back in a bit dude im just about to throw on some juice wlrd and cry in the shower about every girl ive ever known new song for ppl who listen to the podcast new vid! RT if u jello fortnite diy squad box fort challenge! got the magic touch #ad WATCH IF U LIKE PRANKS!! i woke up in chris browns bugatti laurel type beat smokin on that yanny got some new glasses do u guys fw them summer mother fucking vibes bitch yess someone said i should do something on nicole arbours remix of this is america but holy shit i honest to god cant ge thank you famous birthdays i love my mom make sure to chant MOMS!! at dinner tonight everyone. trust me the whole restaurant will join in munching on some sushi grade chicken thank you for a million subs thank you, i love you all sipped a couple mike's HARDER's yesterday at the Deadpool 2 Sister Margaret's Pop Up. you can still check i changed up my look a little guys, hope you dig it :) these hoodies only available til friday !! im the oldest flexer of the century gonna be sincere for a second and say that this is very cool, thank you guys [walk into bank] excuse me what aisle can i find the cold hard cash im fresh out thats cringe: hot problems new thats cringe today new vid - noel and i make another song from scratch IS IT OR ur almost too good at losing its crazy fireball funnels & fiats sam got scammed on the gram new vlog! sam got scammed on the gram, watch the story unfold dont wanna flex on yall but i literally have hundreds of dollars my new merch is out btw new kold world episode on monday. its the best one yet that was my inspiration new video - watch if you wanna throw up thanks! one thing i advise all my clients never to do is get it twisted god damn my signature sucks ass im a sad meme boy btw thank u my first gaming video ever im a damn twitch boy now baby im a mf streamer boutta link w the boys and stream im a st new vid - noel and i play fortnite oh idk. new video? ever heard of it?? omg gucci swim cap ur fuckin w me now lmao new video - worst of buzzfeed! things you shouldn't get twisted: it super xan hit a mil baby!! i think i have done it before man what gets me every year is ppl who post shit like coachella is crazy and its a pic of them doing chores or wh thinking about cracking a Cold One watch this its hilarious and it dings uh what follow my sorry ass on instagram love getting nice messages from u guys new vid, please no hatting on it thank u greetings pussies youre almost done with your purchase i just need you to squiggle a line on this piece of paper thats gonna go in the garbage damn i always thought people drank milk with oreos cause they were spicy my current merch is going away in 2 weeks so if u want something then here's 20% off thanks! 666. that's the hell number my guy happy april fools day. sike bitch will smith has the best youtube channel rn yess the face bruh snapped no offense but im hammered wow rare new vid - thats cringe: girl defined edition cum to brazil! dr phil type beat thank you everyone who came to the shows this weekend it was very fun see u soon anaheim my chin sounds better? this is the last one i swear we made a new channel if you wanna see little highlight clips from the pod - here's one about kingbach sliding into parents getting divorced type beat focusing on the live shows this week so there might not be a new video but god damn it ima try hahaha holy shit wow what a beautiful night to go insanely viral blasting green day rn whats her number thats lil pump u dimwit! its actually the best meme new vid - templates! sure man i struck a chord, ppl really really in love with these templates lol working on our rider i like the slime videos thank you so much for posting that about me template on your story. i was wondering what your favorite book was yess very good shit! yes the face yes! i know new vid - q&a with my parents i got a couple daylights u can save whats up guys new vid - weird instagram comments emrata edition cant wait to show the world that i do indeed burn Tickets on sale now, here's the link: smokin on that kombucha SF sold out too so we're doing another show, tickets will be on sale tomorrow morning new vid - lele pons is bad yall sold the shows out in like an hour (thank u) so we're doing a second show each night, tickets here: kelsey asked a 4 year old what she wants to be when she grows up and she said a rainbow and i just think its crazy fuck this guy someone copyright claimed the sugar gay video and i fuckin know it was mark new vid - mark mcgrath vs a kid who calls him sugar gay i am the olympics watching ice dancing with the boys holy shit. pretty clear why nobody asked for your opinion its actually a really good tweet can you smoke a fitbit [wearing sweater with giant adidas logo] stranger: i like that sweater me: thanks its gucci this is the right link fuck i promoted the wrong link for anaheim im an idiot make sure your tickets are for the right city and if not dm me were not gonna sing it were gonna play it and just watch you listen to it sorry japan does money expire its actually a very good idea new vid - dogs on instagram pizza is my valentine! hahahahah right? a big pizza pie! the good stuff!! haha a damn pizza. i have sex with pizza hitting 4 cities w in march. tickets go on sale friday this dudes name is tit ya its not fun TGIF! haha new vid - that's cringe: valentines day edition some wednesday morning jams! i always thought it was the philadelphia beagles oh my fucking god anybody know any good beast mode specialists in LA? need to see someone asap im logged on baby its time to get bullied! how to make people leave a party 101 how to get out of beast mode new vid - i go through some nice comments from russ fans haha the sex number new vid 10 minutes hehe does anyone know how to turn off beast mode im getting worried fuck i woke up in beast mode again god damn it im stuck in beast mode again new video - i make fun of your art (except most of it is rly good) im keeping my hands free this year in case someone challenges me to an arm wrestle or hands me a yo-yo. thats why i new video - watch and i make a damn dinger an absolute humdinger human is animal. new vid - RT if youre a lady dipper! or at the very least so that lele pons doesn't win just kick flipped over your bitch wearing my airpods at the club naming my kid fegus thanks NEW VIDEO - HOW TO QUIT YOUR JOB AND TRAVEL FOREVER!! RT IF UR READING THIS IN GREECE this is actually a very good joke in case you need something to meditate to lil rent god logan paul you are a fucking idiot new vid - everything i did in 2017 new year new me baby a special 2hr episode will be up on friday baby: gotta start somewhere new video - i invent googling myself bangers & ass is actually all about christmas if you play it backwards that pic was taken 3 years ago great thanks say merry christmas to your mom for me lol christmas is back baby god damn it uncle steve is talking about bitcoin again #IfSantaWereReal wait what why not just my parents hell ya yeet haha remember that russ invented bitcoin omg new vid - THAT's CRINGE: Ajit Pai edition wasnt sure what to get my family for christmas so i got each one of their names tattooed somewhere on my face i hope they like it :-)) my bitcoin stinky as fuck i love talking about traffic prolly will just google myself tbh fuckin amen six hundred thousand subscribers on youtube dot com thanks guys yeah sex is cool you're welcome its fuckin dope that for christmas ppl just send other people pictures of themselves in the mail lol thats what we were going for. music that makes you mad yes my money stinky as fuck guys stop i definitely burn ya i do im burning right now i do burn (: TMG - Clout (OFFICIAL VIDEO) bangers & ass climbing the damn charts thank you guys thank you man lmao our debut EP, Bangers & Ass, is now available everywhere hell ya tysm god damn fuck the FCC idk man im not a scientist midnight :) wearing a neck pillow at the clu no new vid!! not your average Q&A part 2 featuring Bangers & Ass EP - Dec 15th russ: i told yall vine finna come back i been saying yes starting next year taping of our live show is on patreon :O new video where i overreact about some bad comedy is this real whoops heres the ticket link doing a live podcast tomorrow come through it'll be fun ur gonna get an A *brown eyed girl playing this shit fucking slaps what is this holy shit damn TMG snubbed at the grammys let this new video mentally fuck the shit out of you THAT's CRINGE: Russ Edition it is this is still good for the whole weekend baby talk about a scorching hot deal heres the ticket link for and i's show on dec 2nd it'll be chill come thru me [at the club]: what are your black friday deals i do burn i love blazing hot deals black friday!! 15% off all my merch oh hell ya now thats a hot deal baby!! my favorite fall vegetable is a sweet potato and here i thought my birthday couldn't get any better lmao damn thank u thank u for the birthday wishes here's a new video fuck u tomorrow its actually very good gang new tmg soon this is crazy. thank u guys for supporting the podcast Waiting in line for that new kohls drop bitch i eat candy corn all the time. i eat that shit in the summer idgaf me [from the bathroom]: yoo roommate: whatsup u need toilet paper me: nah my phone died im bored af wanna just chat for a minute Bonus TMG ep - no butthole in the future this one wont be on itunes oh ya new vid look im sorry for juuling at your cousins baby shower backside tit grab; very advanced maneuver Reading my DMs part 2 also episode 3 of TMG is out new vid this morning fair enough im in #NoNutNovember why in gods name would you not want to nut for all of november OMG! BEYONCE!! IM NUTTING!! MY FUCKING QUEEN!! WOW! but my shit rules #PlacesAPumpkinDoesntBelong directly inside my dick hole haha right?? cant keep my pants in my dick EPISODE TWO episode 2 tonight at 10pm my little rib cutlets what the flippin butt is right man agreed thank you guys hell ya thank u THE TINY MEAT GANG PODCAST i uploaded todays podcast to my main channel by accident lol anyways check it out 500 thousand followers on here baby thats whatsup! tf opinions are like assholes. I EAT EM UP BABY!! sorry lol holy shit hell yes im worldwide bitch new vlog baby! fkin virgin lol new kold world video tomorrow ^ big mood that's cringe: jake paul edition same im speaking at the UCLA tech fair on wednesday if u go there and want to come ask me questions about... tech i guess what the fuck m y r a n d NEW VID fucked up amazon reviews hehehehe RT amazing what if someone tweeted a pic of pizza for #NationalBoyfriendDay . that shit would be insane. i bet that would POP off. thats why i like it my brand pumpkins arent even spicy new vid,, opening some damn mail RT if u fuck with cheez its what are u getting me for halloween follow the tiny meat gang soundcloud please! pumpkin spice molly im sorry to the girl in the cheetah print hat i never tweeted this i guess but i did a vid where and i roasted some fans check it out ppl keep calling me cynical n negative but theres a lot of things i love in this world. i fuckin love refried beans. i fuck with em so hard ppl posting 2 pics on IG is dope cause i get to see the same pic twice with the same pose but just a little different haha its awesome! cool! dont tweet pics like this at me its super creepy ahahaha tweet me pics of u wearing my merch to church on sunday new vlog hehe super xan at 420k views haha thats the pot number carlos xantana holy shit lol NEW VIDEO!! DANIELLE BREGOLI ROASTED ME! saw It last night and barely had any nightmares i feel like i fuckin got ripped off what the fuck its been 2 weeks since super xan came out and we almost at 100k streams on spotify baby im sorry why are u wearing roller skates in ur house my face when reaction doesnt postmates and my pizza is waiting for bae haha coffee i drink piss like you for breakfast little trade secret there. thats how u get two jokes for the price of one more like iphone sex this is rad thank you guys banger hey dude can u change the song on my phone over there the password is just my face yoo wuttup its cody just wanted to tell u that pic u took in front of that colored wall was fuckin sick def keep those coming this is fucked up tiny clout gang NEW VLOG having fun damn just got my test results back. tested positive for clout what are you getting me for your birthday can u smoke weed thru a fleshlight what the fuck is up guys haha is that a juul in ur pants or are u just happy to see me yall fuckin w super xan? clout activated if u wanna see a lil behind the scene footage of the music video, i just posted a vlog on the new channel what in gods name is your font change that shit TMG oh 100% ay we wrote a song about. having sex with xanax or something honestly i dont rly know what its about hey man if you ever need help moving feel free to hit anyone else up but me because i fully will never do that slamming my phone into my own face ive said it before and ill say it again: what. is. up guys. woke up feelin preety pizza lol why am i on this wtf hey i got a PO box: 333 Washington Blvd. #7 Marina Del Rey, CA 90292 new video sorry ab the greenscreen im still trying out things youtubers have been doing for a decade apparently what is truly up guys does trader joes sell plan whats absolutely up guys someones gonna get knocked out tonight and it better be me yo whats up man long time no talk haha. whats your dogs instagram just out of curiosity hey dude. im rly sorry man but i must have totally misplaced your dogs instagram handle. would u mind sending that over again oh gee idk. clout?? ever heard of it? watching snapchat stories on the aux cord yoo bro wuttup man sorry to bother u again just totally forgot ur dogs instagram u mind texting it to me or something holy shit the exchange between akon and lil pump im lollin the way life goes is the best song ive ever heard yo dude whats your dogs instagram :) i posted a new video watch it before i delete it w h a t s u p g u y s wow four hundred thousand followers on twitter dot com thank you! new shirt hehe love u nice im watching w a gucci belt on solar hoodclips yo if anyone doesnt have glasses no worries i got u woo the solar eclipse is tomorrow haha lets get fuckin drunk!! fuck a cigarette just bought a juul we out here smoking flash drives baby!! catch me in the club drinking a smoothie did a podcast with check it out hell yes forgive me father for i am back on my bullshit damn jake paul did something shitty again i hate conversations NEW MERCH AVAILABLE: only if u give me one of urs get both u wont do it i dont often tweet but when i do they fuckin suck ass u dont know my pain faded off the xerox how many people planning to fuck under the solar eclipse yo north korea can u just hold off for a bit i have even done molly on a jetski yet hope u all are having a good taco tuesday why tf is clout a word again chodester barmy saturday morning bitch time to drink some fuckin milk gang happy friday everyone. hope everyone is having a blissful carefree day! dont think about how the summer is almost over im back on my horse shit new vid. watch it if ur not a total virg cracking a cold one by myself why am i in montana amount you should hum while in public: absolutely definitely never this new vid is taking me a while to edit sorry itll be up in a couple days btw i did an episode of with check it out that second one is brutal i made a twitter for the podcast its but dont you DARE even THINK about following it if u dont listen im not kidding around new podcast (: im going to bed im fuckin pumped new video about how bitter and lonely i am keep ya dick fat has over 100k streams on spotify lmao tf this was fun thanks #fandomfest u got fired its everyday chodes a lot of ppl tweeting me pics of their merch shirts. just wanna say thanks im glad u like them i wanna thank god, jesus, and last but not least!! the lord. and also christ as well do i seriously have to interview this watermelon right now #ad TJ millers special on HBO is fucking phenomenal, watch it would u cop amen lol dead ass it was super low key cold hard cash? no thanks. i prefer mine warm n soggy NEW VIDEO RT HAHA idk like a few months could u imagine working ur whole life to afford a nice house in west hollywood and then living next to jake paul fell asleep in LA, woke up in LA the much requested pt 2 of the weekend edition with is up finally: all jokes aside, england is my city new video rt for awareness should i get mcdonalds on uber eats or would that be like way too savage haha i feel like its super savage to do that bro you're putting ketchup on your mac n cheese?? ur a SAVAGE! what an absolute SAVAGE!! dude this song spanks!! how bout that dancing hot dog. haha. good stuff new pod check it out NEW CONTINENT ALERT lets turn tf up thank u! crackin a wine cooler with the boys if i see a line you bet your ass im waiting in it u need to leave ur family. emancipate from your parents im sorry its the only way no homo but im gay for tyler yo i bet that gopro footage was fuckin sick yo if you take a shit on a boat thats messed up LAST DAY TO BUY THE MERCH SHIRT GET EM WHILE THEYRE HOT thats a bad place to stop dont srop there. fireworks are lame i hate them the amount of vine threads n compilations i see rn is nuts. somebody gotta bring that shit back lol new video! blayze is back? whattya say boys?? this cold one isnt gonna crack itself!! cracked a couple cold ones with my buddy on todays episode of the podcast [on a date] me: im still a little hungry her: dessert? me: nah i have some cold cuts jammed in my pocket ill prolly just snack on those comment where ur from! NEW VIDEO W some days off anyone know any cool tattoo artists in barcelona *whispers seductively into ur ear* buy my merch NEW WEEKEND EDITION WITH & hey bro, was just on ur instagram and uh. ur def not a public figure how do u say fuck my wife in spanish hell yes im deadass drinking a beer rn hey to all ppl who wear clothes, i have merch now check my new video versace good morning to everyone except you ya but im also dope af people keep saying dont @ me but honestly i liked getting every once in a while hey heres a new episode of the podcast where i try a little sexy ASMR NEW VIDEO THANK U HAVE FUN or just... have a laptop crackin a cold boy with the ones NEW WEEKEND EDITION OF THE PODCAST WITH IS UP ENJOY AND HAVE FUN omg come on someone beef with me is that a fidget spinner in your pocket or are you just happy to see me this is the type of heartfelt message u could receive if u book me on hahahaha KEEP YA DICK FAT OFFICIAL VIDEO wuttup chodesters!! check out my new video! lets get it to #1 ! merch link in bio hahhaha were on the hip hop charts. thank u guys hell ya whenever i get in an uber alone i sit in the back middle seat and stare the driver right in the eyes via the rear view mirror the whole ride i fuck with curse words I did an episode of the podcast yesterday with and and it just went up check it out! keep thy dick fat thank u!! soldiers coming home to their dogs challenge! just said the f word HELLO NEW VIDEO WATCH IF U DARE yo lemme come perform keep ya dick fat who the hell are flipping you special weekend edition of the podcast with and is up on youtube now baby doing a show on wednesday come through yo heres what i think of jake pauls song also and i made a song its in the video i just got unlimited data ima stream 4k videos on my phone all day because im fuckin insane! #SaySomethingNiceDay fuck all of you when ur on business insider for how single you are crazy right? im fuckin insane why do european dudes love to chant. why do all salad places have the same name. i talk ab this on todays podcast my comments have taken a positive turn recently NEW VIDEO reading old tweets idk he honestly still looks sober to me honestly this is a compliment boobs first time i love when i click on a video to make fun of it and youtube assumes im obsessed w that person and recommends every vid they've ever made looks sober to me iceland reuploading the iceland vlog in a sec i travel so that i can go to the ripleys believe it or not and madame tussauds in every city todays podcast is up on youtube iceland is cool whenever i have trouble sleeping i google pics of sheep on my phone and count them i feel like everyone i follow on instagram is just always in greece killer is my favorite variety of whale all of my comments and mentions right now: omg you look like [literally anybody with blonde hair] this is dope thank u what have i done thats fuckin dope dude yo honestly long walks on the beach suck ass check out what i found on craigslist! pink camo pants are dope for when u wanna camouflage yourself in a bowl of strawberry yogurt your a pizza shit which side of the romper do u put ur dick on jbs page is almost better than azfars right now mothers day is today dont forget to call your mom im hungover!! NEW VIDEO, PLEASE DO NOT WATCH heres a fun drinking game: drink every time how tf i just drink a sandwich friends come and go but fidget spinners are forever MAKE SURE U CALL UR MOM TOMORROW AND WISH THAT BITCH HAPPY BIRTHDAY FOR ME i think its fucking hilarious when somebody takes a pic with a celebrity and captions it love my fans haha def keep doing that i dont even take pics anymore my entire camera roll is just screenshots of stupid shit [storms into living room screaming] ALRIGHT WHO TF ATE ALL THE BUTTERNUT SQUASH just farted in this uber looking forward to miley's next two songs titled nobu and soho house NEW VIDEO just split a whole foods turkey wrap with ur bitch here's today's episode of the podcast baby i give my honest review of the hong kong strip club in tijuana dude song lyrics fuckin own ima go back to calling them emoticons ur really gonna break my heart on taco tuesday of all days oh hell ya girl send me an audio note describing your nudes coulda just said i look like him hey bro just wanna say that its not fuckin cool that u unfollowed me on venmo how can u kill urself in a good way you can't just fidget spin your way in and out of my life like this how many fidget spinners should i get my mom for mother's day art? more like fart. i make me sick mexico vlog is up had a real mellow weekend in mexico mexico is crazy so far! HEY CHECKOUT THE PILOT I WAS IN its gonna be may blasphemy WATCH US WATCH THE GROSSEST SHIT EVER IN THIS NEW VIDEO piss just tweeting this so that this tweet can be my 10,000 like BRO HERE's TODAYS EPISODE OF THE PODCAST ITS SO SAVAGE! yo for ur birthday i just completed all your venmo requests :) wade burns THE FINAL EPISODE OF #RealBrosOfSimiValley SEASON 1 IS OUT NOW and i can confirm that i do indeed burn when u play jenga in australia does it fall up dude ive been thinking and honestly man. i think you should post more boomerangs what in gods name is a meme idk why i came to coachella weekend 3 its weird af everyone has cowboy boots on im listening to nothing but this new jb song for the next 4 months pumped for weekend 2 of fyre fest baby lets get it!! NEW VIDEO the grind stops sometimes my upstairs neighbors are so fucking loud i swear to god the bear scene from the revenant is happening up there rn just when i thought my day couldnt get any better i stepped in dog shit here's today's episode of the podcast where i end up reading yelp reviews for strip clubs? but then i would get 0 comments NEW VIDEO workout videos suck ass amen bro yo that apartment tour u posted on youtube. that shit was dope homie. REAL BROS OF SIMI VALLEY EPISODE 3 IS OUT if i make merch u gotta promise to buy it for your mom for mothers day im unstanning body negative love that pic u took in front of that colored wall. so sick happy birthday to the earth. ur my favorite planet cool i just hit 15 million views on youtube haha thanks thats pretty cool love u sort of i hate your parents im fuckin family friendly dude that drone shot was so sick. ur an artist mexico NEW VIDEO think this might be my favorite vid ive made gucci condoms sometimes i go through airport security just to fuckin hang at the bar there. really good vibe dont forget to call ur local representative today and remind them that weed is fkin tight weed haha oh man. i went to the grocery store hungry and came back with a pound of heroin! my mf brand do u hate printers?? then ur gonna LOVE this new episode of the podcast! hey dude just wondering why tf u captioned ur pic its a vibe mostly cause that for sure doesn't mean a single thing wow i look so strung out in this happy belated easter ALL OF THE EPISODES OF GOAT RODEO ARE OUT!! GO BINGE EM!! YOU GET A FREE WEEK WHEN U SIGN UP FOR FULLSCREEN BABYY watch this if youre wondering how to survive coachella this year haha dope i have the flu the video i posted today sucks ass but you should watch it anyways NEW EPISODE OF THE PODCAST GO BLESS YOUR DAMN EARS LOVE U last episode comes out this friday, everyone go binge that shii REAL BROS OF SIMI VALLEY EPISODE 1 IS UP: anyone chillaxing rn whatsup somehow ended up in boarding group last haha fuck u on my delta flight hey make sure u *chillax* at some point today and listen to the new episode of the podcast. it's awesome sauce! some girls i follow on instagram just tan every single day damn this chick mad a dam pasta based on my show. I fkin love pasta!! jack be nimble, jack be thicc check this shit out im in it with and and its funny af just paid rent baby lets fuckin turn up! do blind people listen to porn and people say twitter isn't innovating. if ur a dude you've definitely fucked a pool jet at some point in ur life today's episode of goat rodeo is my favorite one so far cause i finally get to talk about how much i fuckin hate ap of course you would brendon lmao i mean i guess its just like. different vibes for different tribes u know? thats dope that ur 38 and still wearing your sigma chi shirt to the gym me (praying): god if ur there show me a sign. i need some help god (next morning): sorry just seeing this. hope u good bro lets link soon! good morning u beautiful mother fuckers here's a new episode of the podcast: NO DAYS ON AN EXTREMELY RARE SUNDAY VIDEO. except i guess if ur in australia. its like tuesday there isnt it just you i think this morning i might eat some #smoked #salmon i wish trader joes would sponsor me i sext only in emojis your wcw writes baby girl on her own pictures gorillaz & popcaan holy shit today is a good day NEW VIDEO learn what it rly means to be a savage :) new episode of insanely chill lmk what u think of my shitty friday night a quick list of things that never stop for me: 1. the grind baby id eat apples more often if i didnt almost bleed to death through my fuckin gums every time i took a bite first episode of our OC podcast is out: march madness drinking game: drink every time theres some good ol basketball best part of the drake album is the skepta interlude *NEW VIDEO* feed sucks ppl wont stop asking for a youtube tutorial on how i achieve the awful bags under my eyes its getting annoying. just be old and tired what are some good memes hey if someone has an extra nintendo switch laying around i'll take it off your hands lmao the guy from pitch perfect new episode of the podcast where i explain my video with tai lopez (near the end): NEW VIDEO HERE IN MY GARAGE im banksy its wild that once a hot person gets a ton of followers on ig from being hot they're all of a sudden like alright lets pivot to comedy potential intern: heres my resume me: dude this resume fucks hard its packed full of shit!! good morning i feel like #ass and uh, can i actually get grilled chicken on the triple chicken cheddar bacon ranch burger instead of crispy. trying to cut some weight jesus it was that bad? NEW VIDEO, WEIRD INSTAGRAM COMMENTS shredded cheese for dinner sometimes i put rap music on in my earphones and just walk around my neighborhood angrily new ep of the pod sorry the quality sucks. 11 weeks into this shit and i still dont know what im doing apparently anyone down to get influenced im naming my kid quinoa ahh tuesday morning! feelin good. got my coffee and and my bagel. time to watch some fuckin anime why does glitter even exist heres a fun list of things you can eat: 1. my dick im a future recovering alcoholic holy fuck this is so funny i really need to start beefing with more people. i have like zero beefs yo is letting me do an ep of goat rodeo live tonight on their facebook at 11pm PST come watch me not #WhyILovePizza um maybe because... uh. its fuckin pizza?? duh. #WhyILovePizza holy fuckin shit how did i just notice this hashtag MOOD! dude seriously what the fuck new episode of the podcast baby have a good time with it cant believe justin bieber is already 47 NEW VIDEO my tattoos [to the tune of Im a Flirt by R. Kelly] im a fart duh sometimes right before i put on my pants i tell my dick n balls see u guys later everyone i look fkin good with a man bun *turns on flo rida* where were we new episode of goat rodeo! can money buy happiness? roadtrip!! woke up feelin pizza as hell today moist happy hump day as the call it ha ha. here's a new episode of the podcast: having a nettlix special would be sick a. fucking. men. pizza af whats your favorite podcast to fuck to? am i the only one thats down for more parties in LA #PerfectionIn5Words a nice cold beer hahahhaha yes! mood as hell! pizza! new video! if you feel like getting your damn heart broken :( bout to hit a lick wby? goddammit bro loved that boomerang you posted today bro that shit was tight i love nav new ep of the podcast where i talk about traveling i wanna know what love is 10 million views on youtube babyy man someone should do a joke today about how their significant other is pizza new video bitch happy birthday cupid i think u should kill myself morning lol its friday baby, check out this weeks episode of goat rodeo: i need a new hobby. thinkin about taking up crack cocaine texting myself my own nudes this suck ass man i cant tweet ANYTHING without someone relating to it smh shits messed up are carbs a vegetable got my audiobook on full blast baby time to hit the fuckin elliptical!! yo0o0o0o0o0o0oo new episode of the podcast go bless ur ears NEW VIDEO A LOOK AT MY OLD JOB rt if u want hehe SMASH OR PASS (FAMILY EDITION!!) superbowl! ALMOST HALFTIME BABY, GO WATCH FRIDAYS EPISODE OF GOAT RODEO bro u have a leather jacket on in your icon and your cover photo is you at the gym what time is the super bole stop putting me in these fucking tweets believe everything you read i feel like #ass max 1 live stream a day people jesus 200k dam. thank u for fucking with me. i have a bunch of videos planned for the coming weeks that i think youre go new episode of #GOATRodeo just went live go watch it i fuckin dare u!! heres a valentines day text for all those in long distance relationships: baby i miss you like girls on instagram miss summer did show today and it was zany as hell tysm for having me is this some kind of sick joke ah yes, time to go to the gym and just stand around looking confused while other people actually work out pugs are stupid thicc yeah good point should i open a po box might fuck around and start vlogging again on a second channel new episode of insanely chill where i talk about whether or not im an asshole morning! dont forget to pay rent u sacks of shit NEW VIDEO WHY IS RAPE COMEDY A THING? oof whats the best book by a youtuber? i wanna read it just to see how much better of a book i could write tag someone who's a virgin!! employee: guac is extra, is that okay? youtuber: I WAS ROBBED AT CHIPOTLE surprised my dad by showing up in hawaii today insomnia sucks, mostly just cause im fuckin bored just went halfsies on a salad wrap with your bitch yes first episode of my show #goatrodeo is live on baby go check it. new episodes every friday at 9pm est premieres today at 9pm est on baby! your mcm is sending girls gifs on tinder theres like 30 captions in this screenshot dam girl ima respect the shit out of u bitch im so into fitness even my cheese is shredded sike i dont eat cheese u cant just tokyo drift in and out of my life like this this is just a taste of the slander i receive in my DMs on a daily basis new episode of the podcast if you wanna hear me talk about my diving career rose are red violets are black, cash me outsih how bow dah i had a new years resolution but i totally forget what it was whistler there are commercials for mouth sores? NEW VIDEO THINGS I LOVE sometimes im almost too chill im sharing a soy latte with your bitch and u were like sorry allan were u saying something bro thanks i love your burgers i think a dogs purpose is to just like walk around n like smell some asses n just chill shoe game crispy damn this is pretty dope. thanks to the ppl who have been listening. btw i changed the name damn straight what kind of car. i already have a mazda 3 and it gets pretty good gas mileage and the handling is not bad memories are for pussies more like 3 doors frown wtf peep my new video if you wanna see old pictures of me like this one what after a long day theres just nothing like coming home and pouring myself a tall glass of hot sauce thank you, from the bottom of my heart, for posting a picture of your salad BREAKING: tim cook removes snapchat from the app store because ppl keep opening my shit and not responding its fking annoying damn bro this shit is going crazy viral amish guys tho new episode of the podcast fuck around n eat a whole tin of altoids dam 100k thank u exactly 3 . please sponsor me emma stone hmu i dont care if ur dog is afraid of skateboards, i just shotgunned a red bull and theres just no way im not ollying him right now this new ed sheeran song low key fucks super hard while playing fuck marry kill am i aloud to kill myself do u think at any point when someone gives their phone to their trainer to snap them doing lunges, they stop n think...hm this is super weird whats really good thank you man NEW VIDEO PLEASE RT BUT DONT FEEL LIKE YOU HAVE TO rain drop drop top my step dad blew a 0.2 at a check stop :( well folks it would appear that for another year in a row, people want to go to coachella im good thanks my motto for 2017 is: yolo what about money happy birthday to the earth yes crazy that its already january 2nd in australia new years eve sucks ass new video in like 30 min obama keeps hitting me up to carry some boxes when he moves out of the whitehouse fuuck what can i say to get out of this bro i just hit my step goal on my fit bit!! lets get blacked out! i appreciate that NEW VIDEO everything i did in 2016 my dad just laughed at this and then said there are families that only run 5ks on holidays? new episode of fuckin chillin if you wanna listen to me talk to myself barkeep, two virgin beers please cool! tuesday baby. the weekend is finally here holy shit NEW VIDEO WITH aww hahahaha in 2017 im going to collab with tai lopez new video tomorrow morning. someone remind me tho i might forget to post it if my last name was christmas id name my daughter mary haha have a safe night everyone u think jesus finna turn up for his bday? delete this merry christmas to only me why is wrapping presents so physically taxing im sweating my ass off right now trying to wrap a damn cookbook hey watch this oh come on nickelback sucks ass all i want for christmas is for somebody to fuck my wife sure, people in real life call me cody, but online im known as hashtagger44 hey if i follow you can you do me a favor and not retweet stupid shit beautiful make sure you text every steve you know on christmas eve and tell them that its christmas, steve if u ever get mad that i dont reply to your snapchats... just know that i dont blame you lol that shits offensive i swear to god if one more person calls me middle age tis the season to be gnarly NEW VIDEO THANK U IN ADVANCE FOR WATCHING u cant really pick where youre from theres a UFC fight going on between the back of my seat and the kid behind me on this plane bro hes laying waste its def not amazing but thank u anyways anyone going from the west coast to the east coast for the holidays here's me in my room talking to myself if you're at all interested in that sort of thing what if phones just stayed on 100% haha hey dont hog it all dude! meth doesnt grow on trees the past errbody live streaming id follow me legend nothing helps me fall asleep faster than a cup of warm milk with 60 bars of xanax in it guess im a yung lean fan now wow its thursday. had no idea it was already the weekend nothin i love more than a good blog NEW FUCK THIS GUY VIDEO CHECK IT OUT AND RT THIS IF YOU WANT BUT YOU DONT HAVE TO im not fuckin approaching middle age jesus ah fuck i just got barbecue sauce all over my newborn son the comments i get on my video about tai lopez are incredible dont text and drive u could fuck up ur text this thread is good wtf is with the singapore shit on instagram summarizes my youtube presence editing youtube videos would be so much more enjoyable if i didnt have to stare at my stupid fucking face for hours on end im bout to drink the shit out of some coffee rich people love going to sports games yo does this subway car have an aux cord anyone going to christmas this year. heard the lineup is crazy NEW ViDEO BAByY drinking kombucha in the clu ah fuck i just laughed my ass clean off #HowIHandleRejection tf is rejection im lookin at this old dude wearing a christmas sweater with a minion on it and i wanna fuckin punch him in the face im not a piece of shit im THE piece of shit bro wtf i come out of my room and you're putting a fuckin lean cuisine in the microwave? i thought we were going to chipotle bro... wth... no cant believe i got nominated for a grammy damn. got in my car and drove straight into a wall again :/ im watching #24HoursofReality because as far as planets go, earth is pretty much my favorite and not destroying it would be dope damn f*ckin straight bro! lmaoo NEW VIDEO isn't that bad lol sweet thanks ima retweet this always remember to regret every decision youve ever made i apologize to my mirror when i stand in front of it [looking at a sick landscape] dam its like planet earth in real life i was a dog in my past life and also im a dog damn daniel oh heavens would you look at the time, im scheduled to get fucked up right now NEW VIDEO WITH AND CHECK IT OUT sometimes i just fuckin lean back and think about how online i am ? if one more person tells me my chest hair looks like starry night im gonna FLIP OUT!! cant believe its already the weekend wish i was at art basel fuck! pic i shot of a lil grom getting barrelled this morning by the pier if your girl eats creamy peanut butter she cheatin on you art? more like fart #CalmMeDownIn3Words calm tf down if anyone that follows me is a tattoo artist and wants to tattoo me dm me call me crazy but im actually not a fan of good vibes. i prefer bad ones its about to be lit also while you're at it PEEP MY NEW VIDEO. leave a weird comment TODAY ONLY on use the code FUCKMYWIFE for 20.69% off. not a joke. get your step-dad the mu cant stop thinking about myself cyber monday! make sure to cyber bully somebody today :) what are some hot deals i can get my hands on today pitbull is so slept on no bruh the craziest shit just happened wow i was just sitting here minding my own business when out of fckin NOWHERE i got like mad hungry lol in december im only fucking to christmas music this is the reply i shoot for with the vast majority of my tweets here's something that's pretty chilling: uh me, regularly im quitting instagram unless brodie smith stops commenting on literally every fucking post the weeknd: hahaha all u idiots thought were too full to have sex tonight huh? well think again because here's my new album hahahaha thank u to everyone who fucks w me i appreciate you all im thankful that im so fuckin cool i can catch my own hands thank you very much new vlog RT for a shoutout in the next one hehe thats definitely not cool maybe even a virgin vodka redbull if im feelin cheeky whoa this is dope lol i like that u tweeted me my own selfie for my birthday NEW VIDEO WATCH IT IMMEDIATELY LAX fucking sucks i hate it im cheating on your girlfriend theres this baby staring at me and im mouthing fuck you but i feel like hes not getting it hey if youre feeling down just remember that nothing matters (Vine by anybody else hungover ha ha u think the weeknds old hair is just like chilling in a trophy case in his house rn we built this litty #BoycottHamilton wait why hamilton is actually a pretty nice town ive been there a couple times lol throwback happy birthday to someone named dave probably that girl is a real [whatever you put here, somebody has already tweeted it] posting a video of you working out is the weirdest shit ever im bad at phrasing things good every single person in the crowd at the kanye concert: please please dont talk ab the election kanye: i have something to say crowd: fuck im in durham NEW VIDEO WATCH IT IMMEDIATELY the world would be a better place if everyone was as gracious as conor mcgregor slurpin a couple dizzee pops right now wednesdays amiright? who else is butt chugging coffee new video every time i look in the mirror im like lol thats so me im depressed!! do u think mannequins do the human challenge when were not around im a mother fing starboy new vlog RT for a shoutout in the next one hehe new vlog in 2 min BRUH WHOSE REAL ESTATE AGENT IS THIS tryna sleep but im too woke moving to vancouver dude fuck this #VoteYourFuture dam baby girl u tryna vote with me later vote yes on prop 420 lol bromance w/ new vlog RT for a shoutout in the next one hehe good morning god damn it im pregnant again cool man *smokes weed* i dont pet other dogs because it makes me feel like im cheating on my dog hey there delilah whats it like in bethesda maryland kill the shit out of me you know what they say, a bad day fishing is better than a good day dying in a fire! (Vine by Cody Qo) oh my god i try to play football w my friends to prove that im a fuckin alpha male but the only thing im good at throwing is shade just ran into trader joes and screamed FUCK WHOLE FOODS and everyone started chearing and doing backflips thanks for the offer but im good! the revenge of ken bone can yall just dm my crush for me idk what to say dog person #DMYourCrushDay decided not to dress up this year jos came in the wrong costume bad doctors w/ duh please show me more of what your dog is wearing for halloween!! dam girl if i could rearrange the alphabet id get rid of u i just ripped ass in this uber and i can see the drivers eyes watering lmao ya dude im sure you coulda saved it! touch choices on a #saturday w/ when you get to the party right as the song hits rip vine ima be harley quinn for halloween im gonna be disappointing just ripped my bandaid off like a man, and did NOT slowly peel it off like a wimpy little girl dress up as your own dad for halloween sunsets suck ass i hate them bein cool as shit on set private is def my favorite variety of jets im already with child spending the afternoon cruising the fuckin internet baby lets do it why. u cant even get high from that i dont fun lil gag u can do tonight during the debate. throw the snapchat filters on em. def good for a laugh or two hey if u post a pic today make sure to caption it sundaze ! can u fuck an avacado ? im basically the man what a wonderful day to get hit by a bus i like to think that whenever i take off my pants, the girls are laughing WITH my dick morning fuckers i feel like im usually great at capturing how humble you are please use my uber eats code i am a starving artist: eats-o59kv. haha im the statue of liberty ken ken bone bone ken. motherfucking. bone. trump is so dumb its crazy bitch if u dont feed me immediately been thinking about halloween for the past ~25 min and im so friggen spooked out right now research this was my peak dam girl are your shoelaces untied? cause ur trippin good morning :( criminal 1: yo before we go out and commit this crime. u wanna like, dress up as a clown? criminal 2: no #VoteYourFuture register at happy belated national boyfriend day i have 100 things to do but im just fuckin sitting here doing nothing u cant turn ur birthday into a lifestyle that ruins the specialness of a birthday!! i do NOT fuck with groceries why for halloween im gonna dress as christmas decoration ima be a slutty mars colonizer uh what Influencers hitler was a good artist make sure all your tweets are woke as hell by using our new website lol john just tellin it like it is any other kim jong un stans on here? damn your lunch today looked fucking good i bet that tasted good as hell! super tasty i bet. yum. keep those snaps coming feeling myself is such a cop out way to be vain as hell i've decided that my rap name is The Millennial Falcon your mcms name is keith oh man don't even get me started on food. can't get enough of the stuff ! im not like other dads, im a cool dad if youre ever sad just imagine action bronson rollerblading why do people get weird when they find hair in their meals? thats by far the easiest way to eat someones hair without having to ask anyone have some nudes i can borrow? mine suck ass THIS JUST IN: im drinking a dam beer ah shit my douche cousin Blayze stopped by to play some pool my mom keeps slut shaming me checkout our ~cRaZy~ bloopers from last week holy fuck brad pitt and jennifer aniston broke up? its actually illegal to ride a boosted board if youre not vlogging at the same time can i get pregnant from jacking off not goin out cause i was triggered at the pregame saying things are my aesthetic is my aesthetic dont make me influence you bro drinkin a redbull haha fuckin sue me I was on podcast and its live on right now go check that shit out when ur pizza legalize kettle corn the squad and i are scrambling to make our 4th quarter squad goals for fiscal year 2016 i paid them to spell it wrong for my #content good morning! lol sike thanks for the support i know this isn't really anything as far as youtube goes but passing 2 million views total is cool for me had to go to the doctor today cause i felt weird but it turns out i was just horny ur being real pizza right now bro sometimes to blow off steam i just fuckin walk around trader joes. love the vibe in there this scares the shit out of me now whenever i poop i hereby declare that its lit havin some delicious digestive tea! im proud of u uh maybe cause there fuckin sick whatsup youtube! its your favorite surgeon back with another video. today were doing the xanax triple bypass challenge just landed in LA and boy am i ever moist please like and subscribe to my ass reading a magazine on the can like its 1998 its so fuckin badass when people talk about how little they sleep its fucking hard to find your glasses without your glasses i wanna be fat enough where i can do body shots off myself i need a macbook charger from somebody. i guess u could say im looking for the plug im in washington DC, the city of angels baby! My douche cousin Blayze came to visit did you just call me a wh0re picking my nose with both hands while i text and drive i love twitter its september 1st someone wake up the guy from green day instagram cloned snapchat and ppl were like wtf thats lame, so then they were like well now u can zoom and ppl are like oh hell ya i love IG i want to be the level of rich where people google my dog's net worth dam the sun never sets on a fat ass who tf is in vegas Lol (Vine by new vlog is up. day in the life of an influencer baby mood. watch this sketch we did its funny how are you all celebrating crazy hat thursday? anybody tryna catch some hands later? holy shit this is spot on i think id like rap music more if i knew wtf fendi was influenced a bunch of people today. day in the life peep today's vlog im crying fuck i love my youtube comments white ferrari i got 8hrs of sleep last night. im so alive. is this what life is supposed to feel like hey bro vlog me shotgunning this la croix looking good feeling better! is what i would say probably if either of those things were true yung n bloated vegas this weekend ! my body is a temple. and i fucking hate temples this is the funniest tweet ive ever seen its crazy that people get older cut my life into pieces this is my plastic spork if u dont think work from home by fifth harmony is the best song of all time something is srsly wrong with you im cool sushi is racist turkey dogs or legs emailing pics of my ass The first time I ever used the phrase turkey dog was in this commercial. Check it out!! anybody wanna get dinner i love to stunt on my ex bitch! dr scholls in my gucci slides new mug. miss you buddy. #7FavYouTubers me if u truly respected harambe for the humble beast he was youd keep your damn dick in your pants all i want for my birthday is a fuckin tapeworm i've had two donuts today what the fuck have u done this doesnt even make sense next time ur in an uber ask for the aux cord and then sing karaoke into it fuck edibles bro i eat raw weed probably will get downvoted to oblivion for this but i think ISIS is bad ur also a piece of shit but i dont see that emoji in ur bio damn. took a short nap and i woke up triggered again good morning :( i scream you scream we all scream for piss i wouldnt be that fun if i were dead lol. had a crush on you til i heard you being happy. really killed it for me *hotline bling comes on* this song is tight i havent heard this enough times sup lol maybe later thanks im all about two things: sex drugs and rock n roll baby! dam homie what brand of flip flops are those im in new york im good for right now thank you haha hell ya been getting pretty good feedback on my instagram stories goodnight haha they're the same as american handjobs but we apologize after uh ya giving them to myself dam instagram just invented snapchat thats tight jazz music more like jizz music ha ha hell ya when bae's the very best (Vine by sup lol uber pool is the public transportation of private transportation idk tbh idk the dress looks blue to me im shaking all my heads rn lmaoo thursday is actually norwegian for lets turn the fuck up tonight hell ya baby i love making people sad!! the hills have thighs if anyone is feeling down today just remember that summer is half over does donald trump actually wanna build a wall i thought that whole thing was a joke grocery lady: need a bag? me: uh no im gonna carry 6 tubs of ben n jerrys with my fuckin hands yes i need a bag WHAT DO YOU MEAN ITS NOT LOW KEY bro i fuckin hate your smile hahahaha wtf whoa im not gonna put the cactus in my vlogs anymore if people keep telling me to shove it up my ass just looked in the firdge and theres no beer im fukin pissed! when one door closes, another opens. but theres a screen on it and u run into it and embarrass yourself in front of everyone ABC rly wants me to be the next bachelor its annoying more like pokemon no. has anyone said this. am i late i hate when people tweet the comments they get on their videos stop bein a fuckin turd dude team none of your god damn business sup lol i cordially invite you to shut the fuck up! another satisfied customer of no guy beside me just referred to the traffic at the airport as a total fuck job as if that was a phrase that people normally say lol fuck taylor swift whats with the harambe stuff sup lol petition to remove the fucking fast motion filter on snapchat me: ill get a vodka redbull bartendar: thatll be $24 me: could i actually get half a vodka redbull what the fuck is this todays vlog is late sorry its goin up in like 30 min wtf mom did you hack my twitter again oh hell ya im pumped you saved that food so you could eat it right next to me on the plane it smells fuckin good! hell ya thank u (: free gucci pokemon glo up bitch im level 5 now watch this its hilarious these hands. catch them. insult me when ur gf is playing pokemon go when ur hungry pokemon go fuck yourself bro!! more like pokemon no haha im messing around i actually enjoy the game watch me get drunk and talk about fighting fourth graders with and dam just caught a pidgey in your mom's room the dopest conversation ever is when people talk about what cell phone service provider they use and how much service they get we out here smoking gouda im taking a nap please dont tweet for the next half hour thanks! can u still eat ass on a juice cleanse running lines for my upcoming film do juggalos do makeup tutorials on youtube already or can i corner that market gave your bitch my uber code me: babe we've been together for 3 years now and well... her: yes?? me: I have a question... her: what is it? me: HOT DOGS OR LEGS BITCH *at the club* I SAID ILL HAVE A KOMBUCHA what the fuck is good god FUCK how did i not think of this now im even more pissed whoever took codyko on pokemon go just know im fuckin pissed *looks around at coworkers* alright which one of u fuckers paired with my bluetooth keyboard while i was gone, this shit is not funny im shooting fireworks alone in my room because i fucking love this god damn country were fuckin turning up to enya rn its nuts. were going ape shit happy canada day girls love 2 snapchat their smoothies *cracks knuckles* time to get offended how tf i just eat my own ass look bro i know ur busy writing shitty comments on people's stuff but dont u have a sports team you should be cheering too hard for? fuck trump? ew no anyone else turned on rn me oh sn*p ! new vlog from the rest of vidcon is up. RT for a DM (Deli Meat) alien struggles to grasp human customs ( (Vine by i swear to god if i see one more ad for skinny mint tea i actually might start drinking the stuff it actually doesn't look that bad N O T H I N G I S R E A L GAME OF THRONES SPOILER ALERT the show sucks and i hate it sunday mornings your mcm irons his muscle shirt and wears it with jeans shoutout to my heart for continuing to beat fun Q&A today we added a glossary to our website in case you wanna familiarize yourself with our lexicon if you're at vidcon im gonna be at the vine booth at 3 hi my name is cody and im addicted to content what the fuck is good is there a dating network where i can find lady dippers getting drunk at vidcon girl: wanna have sex me: uh can we wait 30 min i just ate and im worried about cramps bout to eat some dam food ! agreed except for in the fall im bringing planking back im on 1% tweeting like a fuckin madman #CampUnplug turned out so god damn good im v happy (Vine by master of misdirection i eat asses like you for breakfast people keep asking me what i put in my hair. the answer is maple syrup. can u retweet ur own shit like right away im pregnant dude stop giving your hamster xanax might fuck around and find dory damn right happy belated taco tuesday up late cruising the net for stuff i can get offended at DONATING TO CHARITY (GONE SEXUAL) happy belated international surfing day and happy national go skateboarding day to you and yours me: fender bender?? more like FRIENDER bender! stranger: please just give me your insurance info posted a vlog yesterday if u haven't seen it yet hehe blue crush is one of the best movies of all time fuck you if you disagree i love putting my face on the internet TELLING MEMBERS OF MY FAMILY THAT I LOVE AND MISS THEM (SOCIAL EXPERIMENT) thanks can i borrow your drone so i can get aerial shots of me dabbing my life flashed before my thighs at #CampUnplug - see it thursday on the explore page & VidCon fill my neti pot with molly water frankly im as chill as they come me: u see the game? bro: ya dude. i got two words. jordan. motherfucking. crying face. me: haha amen my dude, couldn't have said it better how many dads do you think got new golf shirts today happy belated mothers day san diego u rly gonna fucking rain as soon as i get here? smh and remember, for every dollar contributed to my bank account, ill donate one dollar to the liquor store! ya ill get the bloody mary but could you not like make a fucking salad on the top thanks hi im cody, and long walks on the beach can suck my ass! how tf does the word swag still exist *fires out a snot rocket* so do you wanna go for coffee some time how do i retweet my own shit i wanna get hit by a plane do i HAVE a tumblr?? bro i AM tumblr every time i see a snapchat of someones pet im like fuck this n then every time im around someones pet im like yo snapchats gonna love this vlog life check your vibes homie nothin i love more than chill vibes dads r us moist fuckin tidal driving everyone back to music piracy ima be on tonight and im taking over their snapchat for the day. add: TopFiveLive just saw a homeless dude doing street yoga happy belated national best friends day dont mention it me: i never claimed to be a role model friend: u were literally screaming IM A ROLE MODEL out the window ln me: rly? dam i was blacked out i hate having no flaws i dont like doing work at home. i prefer 2 go to starbucks where i can be surrounded by homeless people and baristas screaming peoples names *looks in the mirror* what are we k time to log off im officially logged on baby lets read some damn content who's with me! mix my lean with four loko air hockey is so fucking lame happy belated national donut day love your choker bro why tf is youtube so obsessed with being vegan its weird af im in the bathroom just lookin at my dick hahaha 2 drunk 4 lunch dont do shrooms in thailand new video today mother fuckers!! good one man 911: whats your emergency me: uh i forget lol cheese scented car fresheners my favorite word is fuck followed closely by and can u get pink eye if u fart on your own pillow anyone who brags on social media about having a lot of meetings has for sure never had a real meeting hahahah what the fuck i was part of the illuminiti but they kept cyber bullying me so i left too many nudes probably NEW VIDEO *closes twitter* damn i wonder what people are posting happy belated memorial day need a topic for my video tomorrow gimme sum hope everyone had an above average weekend new video where i weigh in on boy wonder jacob sartobius ready to have some fun online ! follow me on instagram notice me sensei dont even think about liking this fuckin tweet cop: sir do you know how fast you were driving me: shut the fuck up i havent had my coffee yet!! yung n tired anyone pumped for coachella did u just say unfortunately im not dead might drink a beer right now ill keep you guys posted fuck me if im wrong but *quickly googles worlds coolest myth* *walks a mile in your shoes* wow these shoes suck how do u wear these every day ahh wednesday. the weekend has arrived o shit new video damn!! that wasnt a dream someone rly gotta take the keys to JBs instagram high tuesday night baby! haha finally the weekend . yo we still lifting later well the teen choice nominees were released and i wasn't nominated for choice country artist so today basically fuckin blows uber oh would you look at the clock its about time to Angrily Stand In Front Of My Empty Refridgerator With My Shirt Of anyone who wears that shrek hentai shirt in public is stronger than any member of the US military im going to hell (available in black, double cheeked up shirts soon) shoutout all my bad bitches in the club with scoliosis i had 2 grind for this view i got 1 plan for tonight and thats giving my meat the biggest whooping its ever received bout to spice up the timeline with some hentai twitter turn into an episode of criminal minds when someone gets shot x is really dead what the fuck is goin on calling yourself a gamer if you only spend 20 hours a week gaming . Pathetic tomorrow ima be at the adult swim on the green tour in buffalo NY with lets get fucking LIT ! its so fuckin hot my pussy is stinkin sis my 2k18 summer goals is to assemble a BBW army via tinder and they will rob banks for me and we will live happily ever after when your son you havent seen in 8 years cuz you said you joined the US Army sees you in public on fathers day crazy how fathers day is on 4/20 this year its 5:34 am you best get up and text your dad (if he aint a piece of shit) Good Morning for fathers day this instant good morning only to young thug if we lived in a world where u nutted out of your nipples would you still jack off this the shit we on tonight last year on fathers day i got my dad an ounce of mid this year i need to step my game up , we smokin Crack baby once this food digests and these nutrients start hitting its fuckin over for yall send me the funniest picture in your phone this instant please okay periscope is whack tonight ill hunt some down in the late night when the good people come out make the batman say cummies finding a new periscope my goal for the night is to have someone perform an acoustic version of rico nastys rage okay fuck it were doing some periscope raids ill find some good ones some lady is on periscope with some serious porn playing in the background of her hotel and im asking the serious rico nasty got me feeling like a bad bitch right now oh would u look at the clock its time to Gas The Homies Up trump 2020 woah vickys diet probably consists of eating chalk sticks and concrete im just laying on my couch picturing woah vicky chewing on rocks while she says anything and im laughing so hard currently in a highway battle with a white woman in a range rover she better chill before i serve her son 40 a g its officially time to Suck Todays Dick at this fucking point what hasnt happened in florida this is the hardest pride month caption yet is it legal to poop in a handicapped stall if youre sauted might need a mf place to stay in brooklyn tonight ill get u faded and hug u you know what day it is ocean man take me by the hand lead m her : keep going me, knowing damn well this HeartBurn setting in: hold on bitch, im bout to Die someone just sent this to me . fellas . what would you do the dude who robbed matt ox prolly walked up to him like aye man, you want some silly bandz and then just took hi okay we making a website to sell shirts with random dumb shit on it that ill add to every so often we are definite thank god tekashi aint on this freshman list if i have to hear rippy sticky anything one more fucking time my brain is going to implode what we bitchin about today people anyone going to this shadow of intent / black dahlia / fleshgod show in rochester NY show tomorrow lets link up father of the year ya wcw on twitter tryna flex by doing duster and whip its does anyone have an hd infinity war stream or is it not out yet they left u in the car grandma :( yea =*(( goodnight only to young thug im watching the last episodes of 13 reasons why and all i gotta say is man someone must be serving all these kids international house of ussy ? me and ugly god bout to play fortnite god damn i love the internet white ppl be like whats up my ninja wanna throw on a dub sackaroo today and get nice n toasty i would like to speak to a Manager please i got 1 thing on my mind today and thats Pussy i bet woah vicky has the bite force of an alligator woah vicky is really one of the worst human creations mankind has somehow managed to make i cant fuckin sleep i need someone with huge quadruple D titties to come drop them shits on my head like a bowling ion wanna hear a soul from LA bitch about traffic try avoiding multiple deer going 75 mph on the highway when these mfs have a death wish imagine doin all that work to get into heaven then the first thing you see when u get in is beethoven doing lil pump remixes i have been howling for the past 10 minutes about this dude i just had the weirdest dream that ninja was my roommate then all his friends came over and were shooting her girls who respond to unpopular opinion threads got the absolute worst pussy this shit has me wanting to cry man hes one of my biggest inspirations to connect with people everywhere and try t goodnight so drunk i got $60 worth of food im bout to NUT currently taking the worst poop of my life i hope i get hit by a AC 130 oh shit s tape dropped im bout to get faded and listen to this shit start to finish i hope yall get banned from photoshop girls who believe in chem trails got the best pussy it is officially The Afternoon i feel Good today bitch what we listening to tonight reply with some good mf music just downed a whole damn bottle of cough syrup *~* - Sick of These Hoes Wasting My Time -&lt;*~* just showed up to mcdonalds 32 seconds before they close so im bout to enjoy this medium Quarter Pounder with a side of Nut added on real shit if there aint a vagina or foot in my mouth in the next 48-72 hours im going to turn into a furry and say fuck the world gas is getting so fuckig expensive im bout to start sellin pussy sis the birds are really chirping at 3:30 in the fucking morning someone better call PETA cause im about to go bear gr what kinda shirts should i make for yall we bout to be on our #merch grind what if chief keef and tekashi meet up after all this beef and just have an old fashion shootout of rock paper scissors what we sippin on today my brain just fucking ALT+F4 after watching this hooblah when you turn water into molly water this shit just snapped me out of the worst mood LMFAoO i been in the shittiest mood for 3 days respond to this with the best meme/wildest pic/best shrek hentai/ whatever image to cheer me tf up i imagine brockhampton concerts are just a buncha frat bros self consciously looking around as they scream lyrics about suckin dick i fucking love this picture this might be the new profile pic whos titty im suckin tonight just had the best dream i found and domesticated a squirrel and taught him how to do cool tricks and now i woke up my high ass really thought trolls were real cause of this movie okay goodnight SO ARE TROLLS FUCKING REAL WHAT THE FUCK DUDE!! dude troll hunter on netflix is fucking insane i wanted to believe this is fake but i feel like this shit is actually real I Miss You bryan silva capitalizing on people making fun of him for gay porn is marketing genius real rap beef would be settling arguments between each other over a fine yu gi oh duel rather than shooting at each other but thats tea sis did they really go john wick on tekashi or is that article fake happy pride month me and my homies are having a wet t shirt contest in the walmart parking lot at 6pm ET , dm for the address why would u ever try to shoot someone in manhattan when theres 3000 cameras on every block then your ass just gonn i just woke up with horrible stomach pains , watched a video of some girl twerking and the pain immediately went aw just played mkxl after a year break and oh lord i definitely understand where i got my gamer rage from hahahah feeling good bout myself tonight figured id post a lil selfie all yall come support he in a tournament with daequan against ninja and lupo right now we must show hi this shit is so dope to me god bless u guys dam what a beautiful day to get high as fuck and play some video games yo if you wild ass kids got something i tweeted as a quote for your yearbook dm it to me on instagram or something hello my beautiful friends its the one year god damn anniversary of the double cheeked up thread if someone doesnt flop a titty out this god i would never end the double cheeked up thread tf yall think this is where my bad bitches with arthritis at titi... i dont feel so good god damnit its thursday and we are Securing This Fuckin Bag unpopular opinion thread how bout Shut the Fuck Up i dont give a Shit ! if this aint the wildest shit half the time after i nut i figure out a way to reconnect with god and fix my life happy birthday to my bestest pal big sexy himself i love u wish i was in LA to lob u a hug have a good afternoon the shopping cart in fortnite is the best possible add on ever we bringing back periscope raids this summer some of yall just gotta quit listening to rap i swear this gonna be drakes secret son when he finally comes home all angry THIS PUSHA DISS JESUS CHRIST LOl I ALMOST TURNED IT OFF CUZ I STARTED FEELING BAD FOR DRAKE im only trying to get good at photography so i can take naked photos of bad bitches on the beach and live my version of the American Dream brockhamptons newest member i wonder what that kid who fucked the hot pocket is up to i want to start a religion that praises him this is gonna be me when michelle obama drops a private snapchat link one day didnt even thank the troops once yesterday. i feel like a Failure idk how the fuck i survived this weekend i just slept for nearly 24 straight hours can i get a GOOD MORNING this summer im trying to follow my life long dream of becoming a competitive eater but instead of food im eatin Pussy crazy how memorial day is on 4/20 this year some random girl tagged me on her instagram selfie to get free promotion i feel like a rock star right now mama i think i made it chrissy teigan is a fly in the ear of the internet every time shes on my timeline something in my soul tells me to escape instantly heard brockhampton is recruiting boys its time to pull out them sundresses we are getting famous this summer anyone who would ever gets this shit lets their wife hit them from the back how have you been twitter i have been a normal human going outside and socializing for once (unfortunately) what have i missed ive watched this shit 5x a day why the fuck did i quit trying to learn piano i just said its fuckin nice out n almost shed a god damn tear man whyd they have to take king dave from us wait so is morgan freeman innocent yall should watch anthony bourdaines parts unknown with serj tankian this shit is very powerful todays plan get high as fuck on a boat try to not die hope a mermaid suck me off if i drown its 2018 and your man still doesnt listen to lil b. he just begs you to fuck him missionary, you must upgrade this summer woke up with 1 thing on my mind and its whos god damn toes im suckin tonight who was it that said they hold their dick like a cigarette when they pee cuz that shits had me crying for days determination is key NOT MORGAN FUCKING FREEMAN YOU GOTTA BE KIDDING ME WOw FUCK what a beautiful day to Suck Some Titties i am turnt as heck and about to trip monumentus nuts while listening to this if u like tech death and havent listened to this album 300 times u are fucking up is twitter broken RIP just woke up in a god damn Rawr xD type of mood whos fuckin with me wake up blast death metal in the mcdonalds drive through to not fall asleep insert 2 hash browns directly in when will i find True Love like this god damn i looked like a dying drug addict 5 months ago but we off these probiotics and vitamins now baby (we still what the fuck is good wow its insane how good my cousins graduation photos turned out. he graduated top in his class with a 4.1 GPA and on my way to pay my speeding ticket in mostly one dollar bills AND im leaving my retired Blue Lives Matter Silk Su these juuls prolly killing yall faster than cigarettes this shit makes my chest hurt worse than newports when i hit it twice wish my dick was made out of vibranium im angry do i whoop my meat or just sleep like a gentlemen u have 5 minutes i paid new york state $200 for a speeding ticket via money order, they somehow managed to steal it 6 WHOLE months a only real gamers can relate while youre young pick up as many musical instruments as possible man i wish i started in elementary school when m need a 666 person to follow who shall have this honor me seeing something corny on instagram : aww thats adorable me seeing something corny on twitter: u god damn Heat i just opened a can of tuna with a hammer and a butter knife where is my harvard scholarship just hijacked the aux cord at church to play this new yung bans and the whole damn building started crying cuz this cum Promoted finally watching black panther this movie is fucking lit i already scheduled a wakanda forever tramp stamp tattoo for tomorrow the first rapper to mix lean with kombucha will have my co-sign honestly he got a point here good god damn mother fucking morning someone who ive been mutuals with on this site forever needs help cuz their doggo got hit by a car and is in prett if you had a 50% chance to win the lottery but the losing stakes were that your wifes boyfriend can play your sons my gun doesnt leave my bathroom cuz ill be damned if someone breaks in my house and tries to end my shit while im butt naked takin a shit in protest of Robert M. Shmurdas false imprisonment i will Not be jacking off until he is released trippie redd and tekashi arguing about who THE bigger pedophile is my god what has happened to rap LMFAO we need an apocalypse that only affects this app and destroys it once and for all the best part about being a kurdish turk is everyone just assumes im some form of hispanic so i can just join MS-1 bout time i take my email out of my bio im changing my avi soon i could give a hootin heck if people complain ive wanted to for a while but weird twitter decided to walk a mile home instead of taking an uber to be on my fitness grind and ended up smacking my vape the e whole damn timeline bout to be WW3 today when its 98 degrees outside and your boys keep saying arent u sweating but u are too busy flexin the fit to wor the metro zu era of rap was hands down my favorite period of hip hop i am fucking drunk as fuck i require a boob! this instant ! fuck garth brooks and toby keith cuz tracy and lil uzi vert are the future of country music just scrolled worldstar for 10 mins and realized every twitter video that goes viral is just screen recorded worlds im wearing cargo shorts right now aka im Ready To Fuck rip king dave man this day is fucked im going back to bed dude what no fucking way is this real? god damn i just got sleep paralysis and had a fucked up dream we really up smacking this vape having a mild panic attack rn i dont hear yanny or laurel i hear Lets Secure This Fuckin Bag i am now a lord of the rings meme account men who still wear boxers over athletic underwear/boxer briefs save and re microwave mcdonalds leftovers for dinner had a realization that drugs are stupid as fuck and flushed my drugs last night fuck turning up we reading the bible tonight baby damn banksy really snapped with this one u bitches want a knight in shining armor but have the audacity to get mad when a man pulls up with the full 12th Ce coming to the realization that deafheaven who ive slandered for years is actually fucking dope that peep video is so simple but goes so hard man fuck 4 gold chains gave two to my brothers this tekashi and trippie redd shit is just embarrassing at this point yall need to settle this like grown men and good googly moogly morning i have been playing drums like a mother fucker again and oh my god ive never been happier i was doing 220bpm metro honestly since timmy thick been gone the internet hasnt been the same yo what the fuck is nash grier doing in life right now its a beautiful day mother fuckers go outside and throw a frisbee blow some mid i dont give a fuck but be productive my sleep schedule is FUCKED yall shame drug addicts but promote alcoholism e on god if u dont call your mother and tell her that u love her this fucking instant crazy how mothers day is on 4/20 this year havent drummed in months so dont shit on me but figured id post how i warm up double cheeked up shirts next week shit i thought monster was trash but i might have to cop a whole gallon now bout to sell these and give a majority of the commissions to if hes down just got off the phone with obama he said the mcrib is officially back to stay i watched snoops response to woah vicky and spit my fuckin drink out when he started goin in i think i have solved poverty in the USA once and for all PLAN A : instead of every kid in college taking adderal its 6 am bitch im takin pictures of the birds ! i have a long ride ahead so respond to this thread with someone let fire music i should listen to (do not dm please just reply) driving in NYC so much has taught me how to piss in water bottles while in traffic, i shouldve been a hero in the men who wash their hands after they pee are Cowards , God protects me from germs and bacteria OH SHIT ITS THURSDAY a truck with 12 tons of chocolate milk crashed today and i would like to take a moment to send prayers to those we i been jackin off so much i need a g fuel Sponsorship trippie redd and tekashi argue like 2 exs that hate each other for 2 weeks but then meet up at 3 am randomly one night to fuck ima keep it real chief! im bout to whoop my meat! get fucking owned yall can talk shit about elon musk all u want but if he offered me a salary to wipe his ass 3 times a day id be i Square Up !! does this vlone shirt make my nuts look tiny since everyone ruined infinity war for me im going to ruin the ending to Air Bud 2: the dog can dunk from the free throw line quit being so fucking sensitive online incredible pictures of new hologram technology have emerged from hong kong. this is a future im trying to live in u ever wake up and take a piss and be like damn that felt good as long as u said no homo u good chief just watched some very questionable porn and all i can say is i am very excited for church this sunday now that young thugs touring with j cole i guess i love and appreciate j cole because young thug would never misdirect or try to hurt me ladies want a bad boy but the second i steal a $100 bill out of your wallet while you sleep and sell your credit ca ima keep it real chief i dont give a hootin heck about thanos pulling up to met gala with these bad boys maybe use the money and resources to hunt the fucking crippling opioid and heroin problem we have going for starts im drinking kombucha tea feeling powerful im bout to post thirst traps on vsco and sell my feet on patreon sorry for screaming but i just youtubed this man went to just text my boy whats good pimpin and it autocorrected to pumpkin so i guess i gotta lob him a kiss now i think id rather have a rapper jump in the crowd and give me a whoopin over throwing water into the crowd does an this made me want to delete the entire thread auto correct can suck on my balls ! u ever get a suckaroo and she look you in the eyes but u be like damn i got anxiety i cant handle this shit and look away any photographers wanna buy my Sigma 1.4 35mm (sony a mount, brand new only used a few times and still under warran girls always say they want a freak in sheets but the second i put on my roman era hand crafted steel plate armor fr after spending money on a juul 1 hour ago i have come to a verdict that these things are fucking trash just met ... he whooped me decent just bought a juul someone whoop my ass this second whos got a stream site where i can watch eric andre !! are we allowed to tweet self deprecating shit on twitter yet ive been hiding in the shadows im bout to get cinco de high as fuck crazy how cinco de mayo is on 4/20 this year a true spokesperson for the children being an adult is so shitty i be mid fuckin and then suddenly get anxiety thinking about whether or not i paid the gas bill on time T Pose yall know what the fuck this is gonna sit in the back of the bar with my arms crossed and yell at every white woman in a sombrero for cultural appropriation tonight serious warning dont put batteries like this in your vape, throw them out immediately cuz mine deadass caught fire this picture never gets old no matter how many years i post it might fuck around and record a podcast tonight chris delia beefing with logan paul is honestly more historic then kim jong un coming to peace with south korea dam g easy really bout the life maybe ill listen to his music now just clipped my toe nails. we makin big moves today yall sleep and need to catch up. its almost cindo de mind yo fuckin business lil boy i had the honor of meeting in person yesterday... one of the most beautiful humans ive ever encountered ... a true blessing what a beautiful thursday me and my homies hosting a wet t shirt contest around 3pm hit my dms for the address bitch if u dont go outside this second!! yet im too inappropriate to get verified lol ITS A BEAUTIFUL DAY GO OUTSIDE CALL YA MOMMA AND TELL HER YOU LOVE HER ima become a payless shoe sneakhead and submit youtube reviews cuz them shits are deadass the most comfortable thin Real Shit. Fuck Yeezy. Its Payless Season thank god im unemployed i just spent the past 5 hours crafting this beauty idk how yall women be suckin dick man i cant even brush my tongue without almost puking every morning did dusty depot get nuked i fucking hope so good morning gamers goodnight obama whoever said ski fell off is a whole dumbass I DIDNT GET TO FUCKING LISTEN SOMEONE BOOTLEG ! when woah vicky prays each night her teeth have to do a separate prayer buy tickets to this ima be at the irvine NYC show off the horse tranquilizers that killed verne troyer come party w live picture of woah vicky eating a kit kat woah vickys teeth are wild she can definitely eat an apple in two bites hey girl u ever fuck in a home depot bathroom So today I had a date at 4:30pm(I was very excited),my date ended up changing it to 6pm. I washed my car, vacuumed im up, thinkin about 1 thing . smokin weed spoiler alert at the end of infinity war every single lady in the world enters my dms (ladies feel free to reenact this scene at any time) just bought a rotisserie chicken off the deep we hey . do u smoke ? actually gonna stream some games today after i clean out my car! follow my stream if u wanna watch me rage and scre i miss the simpler times on this website when we werent all divided by being on the right or the left. we were jud what words do i mute to never see anything political on my timeline this shit has gotten to annoying every god damn day girls always want to steal our hoodies and clothes but the second i ask for one measly sip of breast milk its too much to ask for god damn i have been obsessed with thinking about how much poop these ppl like cardi and nicki minaj produce out until i see a rapper pull up in stephen hawkings wheelchair i will not be impressed with your internet flexes new challenge support your local mid dealer pay 15 a g for once and quit being greedy, hes risking his freedom to yeah i just bought a new sports car but i still lock myself in a stall in public restrooms to pee because im afrai come to brazil currently conquering my lifelong fear of pooping in a gas station i am not even concerned with the amount of deadly can i get a good mf morning this god damn instant i am tired as fuck anyone whos ever had a variation of this on their car is now in jail now for never paying child support ladies if kim jong un can sign a peace treaty with south korea then u can forgive your man for cheating imagine being in prison and seeing someone make bill cosby old ass hold their pocket i might try to get locked up just to witness this HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE LEGEND AND A GREAT FRIEND WOW A BIRTHDAY ON A THURSDAY WE ARE TRULY DOUBLE CHEEKED UP ON THIS FINE DAY just woke up to the announcement that Ford is no longer selling the F150. this is Not the America i want my kids to this man got mad as hell yall been wearing fake yeezys for 10 years and finally lettin it all out this is what u people get just left my final day of work, idk how yall do this 9-5 shit man *me in two days, pandering to the internet* - them percs really been hittin on my way to my last day of work ride and grind is officially canceled this year we are catching up on sleep and be im high as fuck watching lost in space on netflix and i havent seen these frauds take one space shit or piss yet i just got a fortune cookie that had no fortune in it i am full of fear right now i feel like the girl from the rin i realistically have no fucking idea what im saying a good 50% of the time being a woman would be so sick like u can just produce milk out of your titties at any moment and then not one minu tbe capitalist mongrel better known as Donald Dumpf just kicked open the door at the Old Countey Buffet i was dinin just woke up an hour late to my second to last day of work whatre we bitchin about today people he bout to drop the most fire backseat car freestyle after he finds her on a worldstar spring break twerk compilati someone needs to cum in kanyes foams whos got that photo of the cumming in foams that shit has been making me cry all day i bet russ tucks his little weenie between his legs and stares into the mirror each morning and says whos the bad shrek hentai |) delete this twitter / my skin routine is gamer girl pee fellas i have a pro tip if u ever are afraid of nutting too fast during sex just think about your family members dy woke up 2 hours ago and im already bout to hit whoop my meat and go back to bed everyone who grew up eating kids cuisine for dinner is now in jail for premeditated murder gettin extra faded in honor of mini me why the fuck is it that i record video on a 60fps iphone camera but once i upload it it turns to 144p freestyle fridays (sorry for shitty iphone audio quality) a while ago i tweeted about having people write my friend whos in jail , if youre still interested in having him No FUCK i saw a shooting star that was so crazy last night near the moon that i called my dad at 2 am cuz i thought the moo i got invited to a 4/20 smoke party but little do they know is that im showing up with a +1 and that +1 is The Police RIP Avicii man its so sad seeing people pass this young i said normie non ironically the other day and realized its really been a while since ive touched a vagina real shit since middle school and all the way through college i always skipped school on 4/20 and not even because who wants to smoke on my dick and balls to celebrate 4/20 CRAZY HOW 4/20 IS ON 4/20 THIS YEAR hey guys its me just hanging out smoking some wed SOLDIERS GATHER. THE YEARLY TRADITION IS UPON US. WE HAVE WAITED THROUGH COLD, HARD FOUGHT DAYS FOR THIS MOMENT. it is almost the most Holy Day of the Year OH FUCK ITS THURSDAY THESE ANTIBIOTICS GOT ME SLEEPIN ALL DAY this what happens when yall bitch and cry that yelling at/whoopin your child is child abuse like cardi b, i have a massive ass that takes enormous shits - bernie sanders watching gangs of new york for the first time this is one of the best movies i have ever fuckin seen since i quit my job just know that my mixtape coming soon which will contain strictly gods plan type beats i will im bout to beat my meat!! just put in my two weeks and holy fuck i have never felt a bigger weight off my shoulder i wanna scream from happiness right now someone sold kanye some gas these past couple days i bet kim kardashians takes huge shits out of that massive ass any drummers or studio people out there know how tf id make my basement soundproof so i could buy an actual acousti Why should we hear about body bags and deaths? Its not relevant. So why should I waste my beautiful mind on somet doctor: any past drug use or addiction me, knowing i have a debilitating hentai addiction and 300 pictures of shrek porn in my phone: nope finally went to the doctors for being sick as fuck hopefully they give me a prescription for some mid i feel like shit boy is this fucking winter ever going to end WE DID IT FOLKS WE DID IT WE HIT 300K EVERYONE WHIP OUT YOUR WEENIES AND TITTIES AND SHAKE EM IN THE GOD DAMN AIR BABY sorry i always post music shit but if youre a musician or even not this is the most insane shit ever matt garstka if stephen hawking auto tuned his shit our youth wouldve probably gotten bachelor degrees instead of face tattoos what if wikileaks leaked a file showing stephen hawking was apart of lizard squad and in his free time he was the o gods first commandment: get it out the mud our childrens future is no longer full of darkness and sin soon we will return to a world of peace vince staples forever the goat he gotta be one of the most authentic humans alive how as humans have we progressed to a level of intelligence that we have self driving vehicles but still shit out of our asses im currently pooping and realizing pooping is quite disgusting like we are blasting poop out of our asses daily pe u ever just block chrissy teigen twitter has a groundbreaking journalism team watching this 300x tonght this is all i can think about for when i hit 300k followers can you file fortnite skins as a work expensive on your IRS tax form ya wcw started a gofundme to pay for her rent cuz she prioritized spending it on a coachella ticket and 2 grams of fake molly real shit bout to ask my plug for some antibiotics on the low i am sick as fuck before ww3 start . who wanna admit they got a crush on me AYE HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO A SOON TO BE FLORIDA LEGEND GO FIGHT SOMEONE TO THIS SONG TONIGHT T Rise and Shine! Hope everyone has a Spectacular Day! oh Golly Gee Willikers would ya look at the flippin time. Me and Barbara are headed off to bed. Goodnight, hey guys. steve here. just wrapping up things at the accounting firm. hope everyones having a dang google moogly night its 70 degrees out u know damn well i got an ounce of mid tucked under my sun dress real shit this sun got my dick hard right now crazy how friday the 13th is on 4/20 this year its national kissing day whos tryna kiss my dick and balls real shit us fellas pulling up with sun dresses on and a 30 tucked this summer, my whole squad non binary good morning strictly to those named steve happy birthday to the most persistent soundcloud spammer in my replies thank you for your service the fo why the fuck is twitters upload quality so shitty i have no caption or words to explain the glory of this video young thug could literally record himself taking a shit on a song and id scream every sound i could replicate and top of the morning to ya how are we doing my fellow friends when u in the club trying to find out which steve slapped your barabaras ass change your name to Joe because you are no longer allowed on Team Steve ya mcm name aint Steve LMFAoO Fuckers in school telling me, always in the barber shop STEVE aint bout this, STEVE aint bout that My boy a BD on fucking Lamron guys named steve got the best pussy if every man in the world was named steve and every woman was named barbara we would have world peace will the real Steve Steve please stand up my fellow steves we must unite and end this patriarchy of lies, there will be no more chris. no more cody. only st everybody change your display name to steve and respond to this thread well golly gee willikers i am having a doozy of a day, me and my wife Sherry are head to Wal-Mart because we ran ou hey guys steve here im changing my name to steve what if the guy from the movie limitless was just popping gas station $4.99 Black Mamba Dick Enhancement Pills listen here bucko if u litter and pollute this got damn earth im going to fuck u in the ass it is officially National Double Cheeked Up Day yeah sure blue lives matter but you know what else matters. my cock, AND balls the only national __ day id be willing to participate in is a) national support your homies day b) national blow big fuckin gas day some of these rappers be renting lambos for 400 a day to flex on instagram but got no god damn sheets on their twin sized beds any single ladies want to come over for friday the 13th and summon demons with a ouiji board hit my line this instant friday the 13th can suck my tiny fucking nuts im not leaving my house tomorrow good god damn mother fucking morning 1:32 am... up late ... thinkin about huge fuckin titties right now man fuck the bees this what we saving now name one artist more inspiration than sings better than beyonce 2) couldve stayed in heaven with go on judgement day God will return to earth and ask each person who they believe to be the best singer on earth, then i will follow back the first person that beats their meat to that video where tekashi has breast implants WHERE THE FUCK IS MY PAYCHECK fuck gucci fuck supreme fuck all that the new designer is strictly carhartt and realtree camo this country girl at subway just had a whole ass neck full of hickeys and was fearlessly flaunting that shit like s one of my coworkers is an older man who is 5ft tall and all i can think about when i see him is how easily i could u ever get sad youre single and then realize somewhere in the world a guy named Steve is fuckin and then feel even worse me before listening to tay k: man murder is horrible hes about to go to jail forever me after listening to murder name a more iconic duo *pic of my dick AND balls* goodnight hes One Of Them ... whos got the pic of the 3 point shot and the ball says hey into the dm i have found mlady mark zuckerberg went the the doctor for an erectile dysfunction but they said it was just an ERROR-404 and rebooted someone with a college degree told another employee to put this up for advertisement great google moogly she is fine i used to dream about this moment as a child! thank you Xzibit and the whole crew at West Coast Customs for pimpi if i was native american my name would be chief cum in socks mark zuckerbergs eyes look like a vietnam veteran who watched his entire platoon get slaughtered what kind of wild yeah she fuckin you but she joining my hacked modern warfare 2 lobby to get boosted for free TJ MILLER GOT ARRESTED BY THE FUCKING FBI FOR A BOMB THREAT BRO WHaaT LoL guys who tweet politics all day call their girl daddy when they fuck * * * * * *. * * *. * *. * * wake up it is officially time to Chase This Check dam just had the best dream that i was eating mashed potatoes and now im waking up for work god has a cruel way of punishing me when i get old i am going to pay thousands to get surgery that would convert my snore sound to a famous dex its wha ad li goodnight instead of calling guns dicks i vote we change it to cumdrum p.o.d. youth of a nation type beat yeah thats your girl but she askin me to get her woodcutting to 99 in runescape girls who wear ugg boots got the worst pussy this year been bad but 2013 gon be different we gonna be living ALONE having NO sex haha tide pods !! oh shit benny sent me a package and the bottom was ripped open by the feds i am nervous your damn right i own a gun ill be damned if someone breaks in my house and tries to effective. Power i have been hiding this secret for a while, but not everyone is who they appear to be. i am coming out against its real debate going to work hours ... do we get this money folks i need to know this second fuck i jacked off and now its 3 am what the fuck time warp did i just enter somebody please get stephen hawkings h real shit ... who tryna tuck me in wow when a corporation makes fun of depression! omg are u serious! i will never bring my 3 bisexual sons (whom logan paul is streaming i am deleting the twitch app from my phone imagine 1 day where this site wasnt polluted with shitty politics and it was actually funny everyday like it was in 2012-2016 imagine if guns never existed and rappers talked about pulling up on their enemies with a custom diamond encrusted Gucci Katana killer mike definitely pays 40 a g my boys - all out on a saturday night partying prolly slaying puss me - setting the record for the most consecutiv i have discovered the worst possible image ever created if ladies can sell their nudes on patreon then whats stopping me from selling my nut 30 a gram (serious inquiries only hit my dm) bruh if someone pulls up on you with this blastin they bout to whoop you worse than conor mcgregor fuck national beer day im smoking dmt by myself tonight elon musks dick prolly runs on iOS 12 good morning obama i am off my celibacy and ready To Fuck i am drunk!! i have never been more excited for anything more than lil going on joe rogans podcast if u dont love me at my shitty meme you dont deserve me at my recycled horrible caption is twitter broke my shits not refreshing ya mcm woke up , smoked 30 backwoods and hasnt brushed his tongue in 3 weeks tweetin dam i need a loyal girl its 3 am ... whos tryna Oof hit my line dam 6 years ago in april i quit pills from a habit to where i spent every dollar i owned on oxy and fent and this w Planet Earth 3 (2019) what the Fucks good good thing i didnt die in that crash today boy imagine if some of your last tweets were pictures of fiona with huge titties its a god damn wednesday afternoon and i have escaped death someone show me a boob this instant death/black metal will hands down always be my favorite genre of music dawg these new york winds are not fuckin around democrats want to ban guns but leave anime COMPLETELY legal and thats why im saying goodbye USA and moving to Alaska we need a disney princess that drives a Ford F-150 XLT that can tow up to 13,200 Lbs with up to a 3,270 Lb payload im takin a poop at work send me the funniest photos in your phone bro if stranger things is cancelled cuz of this lawsuit i will cry like a white teenage girl you know what they say, another day another wishing i would get fired dollar goodnight (say it back this instant) wyd if you pull up to your girls after a long day of work and see this man urgently leaving her house lookin 4 a girl i can call my lil mcmuffin... yo the accountant is fucking CRAZY this shit low key makes me want aspergers so i can be a ninja warrior who gets a pubg is so much better its for real gamers like me just saw the yodel kid in walmart. gave him a swirlie and stole his boots. i will be auctioning these on ebay for $ u ever get angry at a tweet she thought it was my cock but my vape very hard was just sitting in bed trying to wake up when a spider came down from the ceiling onto my fucking phone ive never just woke up from a dream where i got shot in the stomach and then went grocery shopping wit a hole in my stomach, this flint michigan cops show on netflix got me on my blue lives matter shit im bout 2 snitch on all my homies real shit MISSION : SECURE THE BAG LOADING. ]99% its quavos birthday and i aint even gonna say happy birthday cuz he unfollowed me for saying joe budden wasnt that bad of a person jus found this lil boy in the garbage at work eating pistachios and i freed him, if PETA doesnt send me a check th hardest ive laughed at a video in a minute LMFAoO wake up and brush yo got damn teeth this instant crazy how easter is on 4/20 this year my whole family is spread across the world and every food place is closed looks like im eating cat food for dinner SMH okay its easter sunday who showin a titty WHOOPS GOOD MORNING ladies i dont want a girlfriend (please dm me im just kidding i really want a girl friend this is an april fools damn its easter innis bitch never lackin this deserves a nobel peace prize finally a protest i can get behind jesus bout to rise back to the earth in some balenciagas and some fake off white shit tomorrow fuck guns we pullin up with hulk hands on from now on anyone of u talentless fucks making fun of that kid singing in walmart need to hold this L that was the hardest shit ive ever heard i think im asexual 2 ppl tried suckin my balls tonight but This Fortnite Callin Me its officially Submit Your Feet Pics Hours my friday night plan is to drink approximately 1 beer and demand feet pics from the timeline takin a poop ... u of all people have permission to make a beat out of any guitar i post here is my submission for the #boogiedown please use my sons dance my child is starving fellas i am coming to the realization that we indeed do love these hoes can i get a god damn YEET this instant i been obsessed with these damn chords lately its all ive been playing crazy how good friday is on 4/20 this year honestly you cant even blame that howard student for stealing that 500k in financial aid money because it is officially Juugin Season the worst part about things like these spongebob memes is that some headass is prolly texting all his boys discussi GO LISTEN TO MY GOD DAMN BROTHERS TAPE IT IS FULL OF BANGERS ! man fuck candy this easter bunny better drop some mid in my basket where can i get a david hogg fleshlight happy thursday i just spent the last 35 minutes watching twerk compilations can i get a GOOD AFTERNOON damn tyler SNAPPED on okra and that video is shot PERFECTLY twitter needs a new algorithm that instantly bans everyone who promotes themselves under their own boring ass tweet that somehow goes viral wake up rise n grind tweet lay in bed for 20 more mins debating sleeping through work realize its thur its real Good Boy hours yo whoever is impersonating me on fortnite for ps4/xbox youre a god cuz i keep getting DMs saying dude it was so update: panera forgot my parfait and now i will return later this week with printed out pics of fiona with huge tit currently sitting in panera trying to airdrop shrek hentai onto peoples phones bout to be the first person to throw fake foreign license plates on a damn PT Cruiser showing your homies undying love and support (PRANK IN THE HOOD GONE RIGHT) ya mcm doesnt scrub between his butt cheeks when he showers, he says that shit gay when u will the real timmy thick please stand up goodnight to all u beautiful ladies out there this song is dedicated to you (hit my dms with some feet pics this in yeah sure hows it feel that u fucked up my life for your sick experiment i swear to god if dale earnhardt jr isnt on the xxl freshman list i will riot theres 3 things that make life worth livin 1) Fuckin 2) Truckin 3) Suckin a Cold one if tekashi gets the tenth freshman spot im deadass never listening to rap again so many people i love on this freshman tenth spot im not even gonna vote cuz i feel like im betraying my boys wake up and brush yo god damn tongue ladies and gentlemen it is officially Secure That Bag hours damn what a beautiful day to think about suckin a titty rise n grind baby goodnight its real someone come toss me a hug hours honestly didnt even try to force ppl to vote for this cuz this is an L i deserve to take never disrespect the base stephen hawking woulda looked so hard with a edge up and a high top fade me and the boys celebrating after our 0 kill fortnite win instead of telling tekashi to quit rapping we must instead flood his mentions with 5th grade math problems so his brain ERROR-404s just received news that the bee population is back and stronger than ever yet i still havent received a personaliz ever since the FBI took the political prisoner Timothy Thick to guantanamo bay i have been searching for new meaning in life fuck drugs we off this tap water damn my weekend was a dream friday - play fortnite for nearly 12 consecutive hours, go to bed at 6 am saturday - it is officially time i Get My Shit Together i just said fuck it and rode my bike through the 30 degree new york cold and rode about 3 miles we are on our health and fitness shit 2k18 and with the playlist ill be making different playlists based on mood and everything there is too much good music in the world for me to make a playlist god damn this is hard im whippin up a spotify playlist of samples of my everyday listens for yall to peep its gonna be the strangest play SOMEONE WHO WORKS AT SPOTIFY HIT MY GOD DAMN DM bro im tryna make spotify so i can make a playlist how the fuck do i change my username this tekashi breakfast club is the hardest shit i ever had to watch LMFAO i wanna see joe rogan in a ring someone so badly this shit needs to happen sorry for the lack of tweets a jimbo goin thru a lot rn the internet is a war zone and im just sitting back eating my mf popcorn when will the hate end . once this weather change and i actually receive an adequate amount of sunlight / vitamin d its over for yall on god my boy in jail wrote me the funniest letter bout almost having to throw hands with an old man because the dude want good gosh darn morning what we bitching about today people VOTE BANS THIS INSTANT this is officially my Goodnight shirt they need to just quit making this game finally put this shit to rest LMFAO we need a disney princess that sells mid ima start streaming again, im quitting my job prolly by the end of this month then im moving on to the life of a Full Time Gamer one of my internet accolades is defeating ninja in h1z1 when he had 27 hp in h1z1 !! behind the scenes who on xbox wanna play fortnite add BillRatchet on epic games i wanna play against xbox gamers how do homeless ppl have phones im tryna still tweet once i quit my jo my rise and grind gene has vanished fuck a 9-5 ima just be homeless ppl linking me their gofundme like im not 15k in student debt im off this sleep deprivation pack god damn i woke up wit a partially torn shoulder muscle i think i was squaring up with these ghosts in my sleep you have been visited by the goodnight wizard your dreams will be full of satisfaction and tranquility but only if i got work in 4 got damn hours whats new HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ONE OF THE RAWEST ALIVE WISH THIS MF A HAPPY BIRTHDAY ALL PHOTOS BY IT WOULDNT LET ME TAG HIM BUT HE IS A WONDERFUL PHOTOGRAPHER GIVE THIS MAN A CHECK GOD DAMNIT HE GOES HARD u know i had to do it to em . i look like smeagle in these LMFAO dawg this shit is so got damn beautiful . Good Morning u ever eat a cream cheese bagel and be like damn that was good then you immediately return to the kitchen to prepar reply to this thread with some shit you think people to hear this instant (any genre any artist) dawg has anyone confirmed the timmy thick conspiracy yet cuz i been fucked up about this enjoying my airbnb stay Good Evening, BillRatchet was a 24 month sociological study conducted by Harvard University. We are now complete This Timmy Thick scandal is a LIE ! and i am ANGRY! these harvard studies said they started 24 months ago but tim I THOUGHT U WERE THE ONE I WAS GOING TO SPEND MY LIFE WITH ... BUT YOU WERE MERELY A SOCIOLOGICAL EXPERIMENT. WE timmy thick being a harvard experiment is the more mind blowing than any M. Night Shyamalan movie in existence real shit would anyone wanna be pen pals with my boy while he does this 8 month sentence im tryna boost his morale almost just tossed the hands mid NYC traffic but luckily my tay k was paused and i was chillin imagine spending $120 for 1 line of lean just to make a instagram story post LMFAO answer honestly about the latest streak of hentai i have been posting i almost said happy st patricks day and linked fiona with the humongous titties but i think im gonna spare u all crazy how st patricks day is on 4/20 this year i am half irish half kurdish turk and if u appropriate my culture today i will be reporting you to the authorities i been sober for 2 weeks and ima tell u hwat *hank hill voice* im bout to get sauted tonight bobby yall better sponsor me before i switch up on u Good Morning xxxtentacion needs to collab with Tim McGraw thy art is murder goes dumb hard live taking my first concert photos tonight, ive had a camera for 2 weeks and dont know what the fuck im doing but pr u ever go to get food by yourself and they say dine in or take out and u say take out to make it seem like u have shout out to whoever is promoting my shit at walmart goodnight hi Oh Shit Its Thursday stay in school kids just used physics and geometry to calculate the correct angle on how to pee with my shit on hard mode i would like drake is cool but imagine if timmy thick joined the fortnite stream russ is about to @ ninja and be like yo guys can i play drake just said he likes pineapple on pizza im shutting this stream off instantly ladies wanna say being a gamer aint gonna get u anywhere or youre a no life go outside until u suddenly playing with drake drake and ninja bout to be on some no u hang up ;) shit how drake got unlimited money but he rockin a stock ps4 headset drake and ninja playing fortnite bout to be the most awkward shit im bout to play fortnite wit n and ayeayeaye moving to LA this summer to pursue my musical dreams of bass boosting the entire angry birds soundtrack rappers always talking about expensive cars and chains in their songs but if u really wanna impress me buy a Home Depot im gonna get custom grills where the diamonds will spell WALMART in my mouth anyone in rochester ny gonna be at this thy art is murder / rivers of nihil show friday im deadass crying that 52 mexican kid was bout to deadass ready to fade ten ppl like neo from the matrix white ppl so soft LMFAo theres ten of u and u all saying whats wrong bro AYE BIG CONGRATS TO ON HIS NEWBORN TAke a look yal: IMG_6446.jpeg anyone who does a fortnite dance irl needs to be sent to prison for 25+ with no chance of parole in honor of stephen hawking i will not be posting any shrek hentai today what if the entire plot of scooby doo was that everybody who was chasing them was actually an undercover cop cuz shaggys trap was booming can i get a Good Mother Fu*king Morning this second hold the fuck up how did scooby doo talk if hes a dog stephen hawking is in heaven blowin big gas with the lord this shit is actually sad RIP a real one man WOW FUCK MAN RIP STEPHEN HAWKING WHAT goodnight if mid was a drinkable liquid it would be la croix bout to give this la croix a shot if i won the lottery i would buy blac chynas ass and have them surgically attached to my cheeks who wouldve guessed incredible. in only 6 minutes i walked out of walmart with my brand new FGM-148 Javelin American made man-portable hello photographers whats the best way to keep my photos looking bomb as fri*k when i concert ARW jpg / is there ill forgive jake paul if he films himself looking down while spelling out attic sending a twitter do ya thang but instead of me begging for money its just for me trying to find more rare shrek hentai picture how u got $13 in your bank account but u worried about big seans relationship or any celebrity for that matter u better have a good morning this instant when u find out your plugs selling everyone 10 a gram but youve been paying 40 for the past 3 years TMZ breaking news that big sean actually cheated with timmy thick sorry jhene but big sean is my man now bon apple teet thank you for this dope painting and go check out his art at hes extremely fuckin talented people who say they dont like drinking water got a bed full of crumbs with no sheets on that bitch and dont wash their feet in the shower france is really trying to lower the age of consent to 15 i dont even got anything funny to mock this with that sh u know im lookin like shit when my barber texts me first askin when im tryna get my shit cut just finished getting ready for work. fit looking good. think ill cook some breakfast. this is a live reaction of me every time my iphone alarm gives me a fucking heart attack each morning i miss being young sometimes, i remember in middle school i used to spray about a gallon of axe body spray on my listen here Bucko have a good night this instant i love u vince staples forever the goat being a gamer isnt a full time job? do you know how much time and money i put into drinking sugar free red bulls ugly frank is faar too underrated in hip hop first off if u boil hot dogs u goin straight to hell im against snitchin but man i think we got something here the only bad thing about daylight savings being on a sunday is that we lose one hour we could be sending Praising God i swear 2 god if u dont have a good morning this second gonna actually give russ a try on youtube because im so bored before the clocks go forward an hour . who wanna admit they got a crush on me Ok real shit whos instagram im bout to whoop my meat too how u a vegan but sniff cocaine everyday serious question, is hentai contraband cuz my brother is doing 8 months on some bullshit and im tryna send some books to the jail for him fortnite is about to be cross compatible with xbox i cant wait to dump on u 15 fps -20 sensitivity console gamers i forgot to do laundry and the only laundry i have thats clean is someone 1 thong so guess what boys , Im Strapping Up once i take this poop and eat my 1 a day vitamin its over for yall On God good morning young thug when u look down . need me a loyal woman that will turn my life around like this Got Dam I Love Big Titties hope timmy thick is having a good day so far ladies one want 3 things in a man 1) over 6 ft tall 2) permanently off a xan 3) has a maxed out Home Depot credit card this was me before and after the judge reduced my speeding tickets by half how can u possibly listen to one specific genre of music everyday and not get bored with it why the fuck does home depot advertise on soundcloud like im bout to stop listening to music about trappin and fle do not sleep on this man got me in the shower shadow boxing the air when his soundcloud come on nintendo has announced that my ex wife will be a DLC character in the new super smash bros trump and kim jong meeting to discuss denuclearization is probably going to end with them just sitting in a room te tekashi looks like he lives off slim jims Back On My Shit Again i fr deleted 92,000 tweets , everything with a swear word and all and managed to save the double cheeked up thread im done cussing im only saying the word goober from this point on in case they ever throw me back in the zoo with bobby shmurda follow yall really thought i wasn't gonna post the video i was suspended for a really old tweet for the past 7 days but i have deleted every curse word on my profile and no did u miss me . WHAT THE FR*CK IS GOOD GUESS WHOS BaaCK TWITTER CHANGED IT SO YOU CANT DO THE TWEET VIDEO FEATURE THEYRE TRYING TO RUIN MY THURSDAY HOLD ON FUCK I ALMOST FORGOT TO POST IT yea . Im Up while i sleep steve will be taking over my twitter now goodnight Good Morning goodnight pro tip get a hashbrown and mcgriddle and then break that mf hasbrown in half and out it ok. each side of the bun i have a huge announcement ... the hash browns are Secured drove all the way to fucking mcdonalds and FORGOT MY WALLET are u fucking whippersnappers asleep while im up . tweeting real shit mcdonalds need to open faster ya boy hungry as FUCK im Angrily waiting 45 minutes for mcdonalds to open so i can do gods work of giving free McRibs to the homeless if u couldnt tell by my last tweet yes i am high as SHIT i think rappers should start referring to guns as UwU cuz the phrase i got that mf UwU on me sounds hard as fuck sorry . () just had to flex on the timeline real quick i fuck wit this album so heavily LOOK AT THIS FLUFF BALL wait when did they change the retweet button back to normal idk what the fuck kind of animal steroids they be putting in these sugar free red bulls but my shit on hard mode al the grind never stops when guns get banned i guess im going to have to just flex my expensive Chicago Cutlery 12 Piece Chefs Knife Set for instagram imagine explaining to the FBI that the gun u posted on instagram is just for a flex LMFAO ppl who reply to fortnite tweets saying pubg is better dont scrub the bottom of their feet in the shower good morning Obama goodnight this how i imagine yall look when u wake up and cry on this website everyday this songs called my wife left me when i was at vietnam please come home im bout to buy a handicapped parking permit off the dark we might have some Quality Content here soon i hope everyone who signed this gets cheated on instead of tweeting politics u should just text your homies goodnight and tell them u love them its the lords day and boy im Sinnin what the f*cks good fu*ckers made my vegan cousin a special something for her birthday its 2:14 i am mildly drunk it is time to argue with some Vegans bout to step out with the team . hennessy on my tonight if the US wants to end gun violence they need to change this new yung bans to the national anthem everyone whos ever said im pickle rick needs to be on an FBI watch list LMFAo im sad that the olympics are coming to an end. so proud of Rich Brian for being the first olympian to win a gold suburban moms saying video games make u violent bitch just cuz i play mortal kombat doesnt mean im gonna walk aro we need this man to run for president in 2020 happy birthday to my brother and the man that got me into twitter in the first place love u boss i feel like SHIT the star spangled banner this is such a dope interview concept jus got tacos to go and this is what i get armed officer at the florida school didnt go in lol theres your tax dollars people lil uzi vert is the real life version of the UwU face trump wants to have armed guards at schools but instead i vote that we arm every kid that naruto runs around the school with a katana rise and grind this was me and the judge when he reduced my charge by half bout to ask the judge to let me off and ill retweet his soundcloud copped the guitar of my dreams this week (photos by sometimes u gotta just uplift your homies at 2:42 am young thug can change his name to Jesus Christ and id still believe every word that comes out of his mouth reddit ruins everything the 88 rising show was so fire they even brought ski mask the mf slump god out i almost shed a tear MY PRECIOUS we have a problem this image has literally been burnt into my brain all day i am cursed hello mother fri*kers crazy how presidents day is on 4/20 this year if youre going to the NYC show tomorrow i shall be there so come say hi I Wish To See Thy Titty , Goodnight . all of my tweets from here on out must be read in a southern accent me and my brain agreeing to go to bed at a reasonable hour but then also agreeing to watching 3 hours of TheReportO i have been busy gaming and Shredding Guitar got dam this gotta be one of my favorite albums ever still to this day ! god damn i love snapchat yall thought i was playing you cant look me in the eyes and say curling isnt the hardest got dam sport out there who got a curling livestream link! my sleep schedule is beyond FUCKED first bobby shmurda and now tracy when will they stop this injustice my first child gonna get baptized to this classic police have released footage of rapper Lil Pump just moments before his arrest when that 1 a day vitamin hits the best part about valentines day is u get to unfollow every single female on twitter and instagram whos in a relationship crazy how valentines day is on 4/20 this year finally a song you and your parents can listen to on the way to Church to give the good Lord a praisin was casually scrolling on pornhub then i saw adam 22s meat on their and asked myself fellas . is it gay happy valentines day this for all my fellas spending valentines day alone i do this for u i been listening to this remix on repeat for the past 18 hours happy valentines day how havent all my friends jus blocked my number yet why couldnt it have been bobby shmurda what amazes me the most about tekashis videos is that he has the ability to keep a dog alive is twitter broken good afternoon YAH BITCH IM UP!! DRINKIN WATER! whats that asian dude with the confederate flag and cowboy hats twitter again yall pour a 40 out for this poor lil rat this is the saddest shit ever LMFAO i have to feed my sisters snake im watching a small rat and shes saying i might have to knock this lil fella out i what an incredible thursday yall thought i forgot i havent had service for SHIT at work today good ok i took a Nap and im not angry anymore so can i get uhh good morning the only ppl who say they like winter are those who ski or snowboard maybe once a year and are absolutely horrible at it dude realistically what kind of psycho do u have to be to actually like winter Lebron James wishes he was this Motivated Ok Im High Its That Time Again Where You Reply To This Thread With Good Music (any genre) please lord in heaven let this new spark master tape be as good as the swoup serengeti dawg i hate the internet did u just assume natures gender bro dr disrespect needs to cheat on his wife more often this mf is acquiring RACKS on twitch right now he look 45 and 14 at the same time get this grown man off my timeline goodnight my fellow christians BREAKING: Live photos of Philadelphia after winning the Superbowl just hanging out having a Good time at Superbowl 52! the best part about the superbowl is seeing which team is gonna end up burning down their own city after they lose (or win) just arrived in Minnesota just in time for the superbowl! the new stadium looks insane! im tryna make a a group like brockhampton except instead of all the members being gay we just only watch shrek hentai jus copped a new foreign playing fortnite on console is the equivalent of smoking mid instead of kneeling for the national anthem i am going to just hit a firm Nae Nae how it feels when u finish filing your taxes what the fri*k is good offered to send the judge feet pics and she still didnt offer to reduce my speeding ticket ... didnt realize we w walked out gucci then crossed the street FUCK IT this is the least cheeked up thursday in US history but god damnit we will make it through its almost valentines day and i need someone to suck on my balls!! the good news is my date was adjourned until next month to talk to the DA about reducing / getting rid of my ticket just woke up from this nap on god its over for yall BRUISER my W2s came back... just finished filing my taxes. treated myself to a little special gift a certified BANGER the gentlemens freestyle discord clu im bout to cop some pink timbs LMFAOO yo im up and buying this elon musk flamethrower good morning u beautiful mother fu*rs just met my tinder date... not what i expected for the past 15 minutes of driving ive been daydreaming about what tekashi 69 would look like with breast implants my new gender pronoun is simply gamer you good = asking the plug if he still has drugs dead leaves and the dirty ground when my bitcoins going down can someone in brooklyn buy this for me from the music zoo and ill pay you $100 extra when i get there it closes a choose my fate does anyone have a sea of thieves beta key i can have for pc bbw with massive milk jugs a new scientific study proves that listening to flockaveli while showering will amplify your scrubbing power leavin ...good morning wanna paypal me $3 so i can spend it on league of legend characters i got two court dates next week do any clothes designers out there wanna send me some head to toe blue lives matter bout to challenge my meat to a 1v1 quickscope match on rust people who dont break eye contact throughout an entire conversation give me the heebie jeebies i got too much anxiety for all that one more hour until it is officially ... The Afternoon i told the last indian telemarket that called me (they call 3-5 times a day) that he should consider sucking my bal goodnight yah its 3 am and I dont give A Fu k when u mass text the 3am ... u up and dont get 1 response LMFAo wanna meet me in the bathroom after ms thomas english class so i can give u a Swirlie LMFAo im up . I;m thinking about thos Beans gordon ramsey type beat happy birthday xxxtentacion oh SHIT new bans god bless Are you ready for your vocal lessons? Adele quivered. Rihanna sheds a single tear. Beyonc cowers in fear. L god is taking a lot of people this year. at least he up in heaven wit tupac RIP a real one idk how yall women handle having a baby i get a sore throat and im calling on the lord to smite me down im off this nyquil _&lt; Yhurrp i need me a woman whos built like chef boyardee im off two scrambled eggs and a one a day vitamin! FUCK WITH ME! i wanted to become a born again virgin and didnt have a chance to make it to church yesterday so instead i started this how we coming on tinder in 2018 go to 5:44 goodnight girls be asking all day about what mens astrology signs are and we dont mind but the second i ask my wife to see ed sheeran wears cargo shorts he is my new found savior and hero and i will be sacrificing my first born child to p they need to remake Bop It except each action makes the sound of a different quavo adli how much they pay a g just because i dont smoke weed doesnt mean im not a Weed Smoker at heart this boy aint inhale one millisecond of that blunt thats the only thing im mad about a black mirror episode where people dont spam under your tweets with their soundcloud links but instead just say h when i finish making these songs im not even gonna post em on my account ima just spam em on every soundcloud dj/r rise and mf grind people lets secure this bag today goodnight since the government aint watching ... i think ima give hentai a shot . iM Off DhiZ One A daY Vitamin _ ; YHURRP big dog while the government shut down . who wanna admit they got a crush on me this what u need in life oj da juicemane is an archangel that fell from heaven to bless this world with the hardest music ever should i periscope me cleansing my house of these demons tonight kanye and kim shoulda named their baby Ezekial regardless of its gender good morning goodnight only to doug dimmadome owner of the dimmsdale dimmadome i wish that every time i nutted an extremely distorted bass boost noise was made when you thought you cleared out greasy grove but someone in a bush snipes you we double cheeked up ON yams day this is for real the most holy day of the year Good Googly Moogly Morning U Piece of Shit only Cowards respond with delete this got rich off robux russ said 2018 was going to be the worst year for his haters and then the crypto markets plummeted . bout to ge honestly this what u get for dating anyone who wears a cowboy hat just got off the phone with God... he said he will forgive everyones sins and let us all into heaven, but only if trump wants to call my home country a Shit Hole? well Mr President, check out this beautiful photo of my home i me: hey whats up someone on reddit: hey i browse reddit my IQ is about 200 points higher than yours Good Mornin Bitch (jus kidding... I Appreciate You...) Hey guys! I am the lottery winner of $451 Million. With this incredible opportunity I am giving back absolutely NO before the crypto currency market crashes ... anyone wanna admit they got a crush on me logan paul is asking for a second chance and honestly if he paypals me $1000 i will give it to him its Flexin season u ever lay in bed late at night and just wish young thug would sing u a lullaby until u fall asleep there should be a remake of the punisher but its just him going after girls who wear ugg boots in the summer its -2 outside and i gotta go to work. my meat has vanished to the point where im bout to file for disability crazy how MLK day is on 4/20 this year dj akademics be sending tekashi texts at 3 am like hey. u up ...? dj akademics prolly gonna propose to tekashi this year dam i was for real off the mid last night when u dont have any cool weed smokin utensils so you empty a newport 100 and pack it with weed wishing a ballistic missile would strike my house right now BIG FUCKING SHOUTOUT TO HE JUST DROVE ME 4 HOURS IN A FUCKING BLIZZARD HOME (MY FLIGHT HAD TO EMERGENCY SOMEONE GUEST ME AT THIS FUCKIN LYRICAL LEMONADE SHOW IN LA GOD DAMNIT IM TRYNA GET LIT WITH MY FRIENDS double checked up on a thursday afternoon didnt even realize it was thursday . you better Prepare them God Damn Cheeks bought crypto currency and gained $3.24 in my sleep... i swear you broke boys cant relate i wore a supreme hat and then lost the keys to my airbnb the gods of swaggery have forsaken me i am not meant to Shine im wearing a supreme hat and i feel like i should go on IG live and start smacking peoples drinks out of their ha oprah would be cool but this the true white house cabinet we need John Wick 3 (2019) once i take this 1 hour nap its over for yall on god hey guys i have a big announcement . has just come out as a full time vaper do u think big bird lowkey got the strap tucked at all times im up getting this money trying to upload episode 3 of this podcast on the same wifi abraham lincoln used CAN I GET A MF GOOD MORNING we out here playing mario kart add me if yall wanna play ONCE I GET HOME FROM LA WE ON IT hello mother fuckas is everyone sleeping hello just landed in LA and all the white ppl started clapping LMFAoO i have court twice in two days im bout to show up to both dates head to toe in some Blue Lives Matter gear the cop dropped my ten miles an hour its a good mf day NEXT FRIDAY MY DAD DROPS HIS NETFLIX SPECIAL YALL BEST WATCH THIS SHIT ON GOD OR IMA EAT YA ASS u ever just stare into the mirror n say god Damn i look like a mr potato head today i will be in LA tomorrow and my mouth is prepared to Suck On Some Titties!! kvlt still laughing at this FUCK ITS THURSDAY AND I JUST WOKE UP YA MCM AINT OUT HERE PAYING FOR HIS MOMMAS CITIZENSHIP APPLICATION FEES i need your help u ever sleep for 2 hours cuz u were getting harrassed by ghosts until 5 am hey guys i took a nap and now im not angry how are we doing today i drove to work with one eye open and almost fell asleep pooping and Im Angry Today guys im outraged . how disgusting can u be *saves video to phone to show dead guy in a way of fake outrage for R it is officially time to get Back To This Money CRAZY HOW NEW YEARS IS ON 4/20 THIS YEAR hold up hold up hold up hold up hold up hold up hold up hold up hold up hold up hold up hold up hold up hold up hol WE ARE GOING INTO 2018 SUPPORTING OUR FELLAS!! TELL ALL YA HOMIES YA FUCKING PROBLEMS. LET PEOPLE KNOW WHAT BOTHERS ITS ALMOST THE MOTHER FUCKING NEW YEAR im at a breakfast spot in harlem and my server has timbs on and ive never felt more at home crazy how new years eve is on 4/20 this year Uh GOOD MORNING 2012 rubenslik was so fire jaden smith saying hes an icon because he cried in a music video like Lil wasnt doing that in 2012 if the US army listened to this album they couldve wiped ISIS out in 3 hours i had a dream i bumped into martin shkreli in a walmart parking lot and he was about to drive away but he remembere wow , i have Rheumatoid Arthritis and u think its just Hilarious to make fun of me for it? IMA BE IN BROOKLYN TOMORROW WHICH ONE OF U SAVAGES WANTS TO DO DRUGS WITH ME my tinder profile bout to read 510 but 6 foot in timbs Pimp My Ride (2004) Hey Its Youre Uber Driver sorry guys i was busy finding a girl friend in VR i am back this is what keaton's mom spent that 50k from the gofundme on my only new years goal is to take a photo wit when i go to NYC this weekend pulled up in a brand new foreign the plug we all need but do not deserve this my top 5 favorite videos of the entire year i still cry when watching it its 2am which means its time to message all my tinder matches back from september and tell them i have just awoken from a coma not anymore this video is forever iconic ANGELIC if i could have 1 super power it would be the ability to teleport any titty directly into my mouth ima keep it a buck this year Whooped My Fuckin Ass uhh GOOD MORNING bout to hit this Nap while getting tattoos feeling like santa gave me an extra chromosome for christmas im bout to go In On These Brazzers Christmas Specials id like to dedicate a special merry christmas to merry christmas i love u all abs hope you all have a great mf day this had a major impact on society crazy how christmas is on 4/20 this year crazy how christmas eve is on 4/20 this year Twitter - Were Not Gonna Verify You, Were Just Gonna Verify Every Person Around You Whose Cloned Your Style IF U BIG COMPANIES WANNA BE ME SO BAD U MAY AS WELL JUS HIRE ME LMFAO Ok Wheres My Fuckin Check Dawg Yall Did It This Time SESH where this fat motherfucker at imagine if santas elfs were jus all timmy thick twerking Merry Christmas from The Boys what do u think lil pumps mom got him for christmas im high as a MF BITCH bout to stream some got dam super mario oddysey when you were sellin mid for 40 a g all year and then found out santa didnt bring u nothin but coal this year . fellas is it gay to let another man slide down your chimney and give u presents oh wow look what the big fat jolly man left for me under the tree, a big fat bag of D E P R E S S I O N jus got off the phone wit santa he said aint nobody getting presents if u dont listen to this new x good boy id rather watch an hour and 30 minutes of 2 girls 1 cup than give that will smith movie on netflix another chance i went 22 days sober and now the time has come to get LITAMUS MAXIMUS GOOD FUCKIN MORNING jus listened to a song on the hip hop apple playlist and at the end it said get ya bitcoin up and i sprayed redbull outta my mouth WHERE IN JERSEY U AT LETS BOOL who lives in jersey n wants to get faded wit me new york state police are the biggest scum bags i was going 69 in a 55 and this lady gave me a ticket saying i was going 72 cant believe my main man Jesus is turning 2017 on monday... time truly flies when u living life like a movie They may try to discourage you. They may try to prevent your cheeks from doubling up. but we must never believe The WILL U JUST FUCKING DROP THIS FINALLY ITS BEEN A GOT DAM YEAR N A HALF like lil wayne always says, real gs move in silence like (please be my) girlfriend yung bans bout to blow up dont sleep free my bro he aint do nothin u could commit 6 armed robberies and still get a job at subway bout to eat this subway ... pray for me yall YA MCM AINT OUT HERE DONATING A MOTHER FUCKING DOLLAR TO LOCAL CHARITIES! i have been sober for 20 days and this friday i am about to get fully scoobert doobertd me and all my e-girlfriends need me a 63 girl thatll let me hop on her back and piggyback ride me around the town when i get tired whens obamas gonna drop his spotify playlist my meat yelling at my brain to give it a whoopin even though i have work in 4 hours its officially black metal season (song 2) got my taxes back early and took my girl out for a lil something special ive been saying im tryna get to this LGBTQ money a lot recently and i have no idea what it means this is what everyone whos invested every dollar they have into cryptocurrency eats for dinner every night i wake up each morning and swipe right on tinder as fast as possible. i have assembled an army of BBW women that i anyone want to buy my son im trying to invest in crip toe currency lil - in god is the hardest song in rap history UH GOOD MORNING FUCK jesus christ i streamed for like 8 hours today i am about to do some 100 push ups i am becoming a full time isolated gamer s Anxiety What if ur not good enough s Depression Everyone hates you s Albert Einstein . im tired of yall its Sunday afternoon and i know a lot of yall didnt go to church. but heres some holy preaching from our lord who up. praisin God the Lord and his message on this Holy Sunday a girl asked me if she could peg me last night and honestly fellas ... is it gay? i finally have a sub button on twitch can any graphic designers make me a mf emote icon! i need a teddy ray/double cheeked up one benny revival christmas package unboxing DUDE JUST SENT ME A FUCKING CHRISTMAS BOX! bout to stream all day we boutta get a sub button and i cant decide what i want the emote to be. im thinking do can i get uh TITTY THIS INSTANT !! LIFE IS GOOD I LOVE U ALL im bout to be in LA with in 3 weeks and ima be out there suckin on some #verified #toes wanna play roblox with me ... we FINALLY dropped 2 mf episodes of the podcast so if you wanna listen to us ramble check it out LMFAO me n my pops just finished decorating the house hows it look i am only playing roblox from now on i bought a louis supreme shirt and monster energy pants playing roblox on twitch if you want to home hang before net neutrality is gone now is the time people where is pee stored yo i just played roblox for 3.5 hours and honestly phantom forces is LIT LOL if antbody needs me ,, ill be on Roblox although may not know how to spell ratchet i still love him for sending me stickers ajit pai definitely got charged 30 a gram for some mid throughout his life and this is his attempt to get back at those who did him wrong this could be our last thursday double cheeked up together... better make it a good one only those who are truly double cheeked up on a thursday afternoon will text RESIST to 50409 to save net neutrality looking to buy this amiibo if anyone has it i am willing to pay $200 cash on god yall better love and focus on yourself this instant before net neutrality end who wanna show me a titty which is worse idc what yall say the logic hot ones was fire on the 4th day of christmas my true love said to me where is my son shoutout johnny dang my tops are on their way!! how im comin this winter bout to go in on these thanksgiving leftovers think ima open a PO box which could be one of the most regrettable decisions i ever made but could also be hilarious 13 days sober, i can now read the minds of infants. it is nonsense and they are stupid. soon my powers will enhance. yall mad at keaton jones like it aint officially juugin season out here; finesse at all costs come join my mario kart match the community is noticing your hatred for me and theyre upset i made a personal to where i will unload my goth thoughts, music i like and regular bullshit if u wanna follow i this lady in front of me at toys r us getting arrested LMFAoO im starting a go fund me free that woman alexa. where is pee stored sometimes i lose hope in humanity but then i open snapchat and find something like this that restores my faith i just answered the door drinking milk out the jug you have to show these people there is no fear in your heart on the second day of christmas my true love said to me pee is stored in the balls this man is lowkey a rap god its 6:36 am and let me tell you what, i am Hitting the vape if keeps harassing me at 1am i will call the authorities my family is scared i am sick of this u cant even say pee is stored in your balls on this website without some wanna be outraged woke woman saying that all men are trash one small step for man, one Giant step for mankind. yall investing in bitcoin LMFAoO im out here investing in amiibos the year is 2050 i just bought a gram of mid for .002 bitcoin on the first day of christmas my true love gave to me my son Steve back ive been entirely sober for 10 days only sipping on red bull and let me tell u something, my meat could slice a di screaming this song all mf night long a War has begun . at the end of the day at least all of us can agree that russ is bad this is the one idea that can bond humanity and cause world peace i get that lil pump doesnt listen to anything but rap but people who are real musicians of ALL genres/understand t thoumst shall not insult my beloved metal music yikes 2017 was torture we going into 2018 with a whole new mindset... we bringing back the McRib i bought 3000 bitcoin in 1991 for 20 cents each... for christmas i will be donating none of this money to charity bu to summarize my day , i got out of work and googled bolbi (from jimmy neutron) hentai. I am locking myself indoors Guess What Fucking Day It Is rise n grind i know DAMN well im bout to be late to work yall can buy this imaginary bitcoin stuff all you want. im investing in a real stock, mid pack. we out here , eating Brussel Sprouts just got off the phone with the CEO of vine, they said theyd release vine 2 tomorrow if you all text RESIST to 504 He sees you when you're sleeping.He Knows when you're awake..He knows if you've be mfs gonna post three videos on vine 2 and then text they momma i think im moving to LA . the only way i will install vine 2 is if our lord and savior King Bach returns to bless us with laughter and eternal bliss good morning u sexy souls i swear 2 god if yall dont text your momma n say you love her this instant i miss when twitter was a war zone and you could actually roast people and they wouldnt take every single thing to good morning im up ... ready to run this check UP REVIVAL mfs drink one bottle of fiji water and then pack all their bags to move to LA they doubted us. they laughed at us. but now we rise to the top and hold the crown. we are victorious. what if jehovah witnesses were actually just tryna sell mids this whole time can yall tell to respond to me these mf put a $300 new windshield on my car that creaked for days until this is a code red situation lemme get uh roast beef samwich but hold the beef cause i dont like the violence sundays are for locking yourself inside and recording music its time to get kvlt people ya mcm dont say thank you or have a good day. he out here angry in the burger king drive thru wondering where everything went wrong i used to not know how to feel about joe budden until i watched this in case yall didnt know they suspended the boy a while ago and this is his new account so send him an e-hug a mf will mi hoy menoy noy once then switch up and act like they never knew you im not a man of politics but if we gave everyone in the white house a snickers we may achieve world peace i dont think theres been one time in the past year where ive drank alcohol and not ended up projectile exorcist vomiting before bed live photo of me and my team stepping out the most powerful thing you can do before making any decision in this world is jacking off we sippin on BOFA tonight OH FUCK NEW FACELESS ALBUM the main jealousy i have of white ppl is yalls ability to grow luxurious straight hair u can headbang with while i yo any guitarists with an amp modeler like an axe fix ii plz respond to this with your frfr monitor/speaker prefere i think god is upset with me. i violated thy meat at midnight and woke up with a sore throat and horrible head and it is officially 12, we did it boys. the day has finally come. i will return within the hour with a status report. im all prepared for midnight michaelangelo would be proud just bought my gravestone in preparation for tonight as a gift to myself for surviving this treacherous month i am buying diamond and gold top teeth guess what day it is day 29 of no nut november , although my happiness has entirely depleted, my balls have grown to astronomical levels can someone let me use their netflix ill blow u a kiss BIG ANNOUNCMENT its cyber monday week and i am paying Bills why date real people when u can e-date GOOD MORNING these hard drugs do not love u back ima do #dontdodrugsdecember we out here focusing on our mental health and well being im on my never seeing the sunlight grind smh WE COOKIN finding another periscope compliment this woman on how beautiful her arts and krafts are lets see if he will dance do not be mean people we gotta support our fellow human beings (other than the first dude) come say some nice things to someones grandma scrolling through periscope for two mins and i find I DIDNT GO COLD TURKEY FROM BEATIN MY MEAT THIS ENTIRE MONTH TO ONLY HAVE 15 DAYS OF INTERNET FREEDOM NEXT MONTH BE IF YOU LOVE THE INTERNET AND ITS FREEDOM READ THIS ive been pooping for so long that both my legs have fallen asleep i would like to call for a military helicopter e MY SLEEP SCHDDULE IS ONCE AGAIN FUCKDC in honor of black friday, here is a powerful old message from spaceghostpurrp IT IS 6 AM WE HAVE 6 MEASLY DAYS OF HELL LEFT ya uncle bust into your room at 4:10 am askin for some thanksgiving leftovers lookin like this what do you do the native americans charged christopher columbus 30 a g and here we are happy thanksgiving mr hotspot... it is u... i love u i hope u have a blessed day TWITTER CHANGED THREAD LIMITS THEY WILL NOT BREAK THIS DOUBLE CHEEKED UP CHAIN I AM ABOUT TO WRITE CONGRESS ABOUT THIS ISSUE GUESS WHAT DAY IT IS crazy how thanksgiving is on 4/20 this year if it does not have blast beats i am simply Not trying to hear it IF YOURE IN ROCHESTER NY AND GOING TO THIS RINGS OF SATURN SHOW HANG WITH ME IM VLONE hope yall have a blessed afternoon gucci mane working with jake paul is probably the worst thing to happen in hip hop history yall gotta fix whatever why the first half of gangsta rap tapes so hard then it goes so some sensual toe sucking music j cole prolly sitting in a bubble bath wiggling his toes while playing with a rubber ducky just ecstatic that the i i swear to god if yall dont support net neutrality this second ive been entirely sober not even one drop of alcohol for 13 days its almost time 2 get absolutely faded feeling thankful 4 the plug i will now only be responding to The Haters with beyonce hair flip gifs russ wakes up, kisses his dad on the lips n says good morning paw paw goodnight to only timmy thick when she asks to give you a suckin in november i swear to god if yall dont hug your grandma on thanksgiving rise and grind we have ten long days left but we will survive and we WILL get this nut whats a good mf movie i can watch rn any movie I Miss How We Used To Be . my internet is off until tomorrow so i guess im going to have to game by any means possible ... finally got my first juul every single one of my friends had a friendgiving party and not one called me so i sat home listening to this on re russ definitely goes to super weenie hut jrs every saturday night #NoGamerLikeMe tis the season be honest and tell no lies, have you failed no nut november like robert shmurda, twitter placed me in a e-jail for the past 24 hours. i am now dedicated to only tweeting the w yeah this is alright and cool i guess but can this robot smoke gas idk if i can just boonk gang someones cat im trying to pack to move and some random cat just hopped in my car should i keep him day 17 of no nut november and day 9 of full sobriety. i can now communicate with squirrels telepathically. i am rai trying to learn finger picking (p sloppy) with my new axe fx ii just told my dad i cant come to thanksgiving dinner because if i see that turkey on the table bussin it wide open i might nut on sight THAl i wonder what timmy thick up to right now no nut november is truly a blessing i just won 5.25 million dollars guess what time it is the prolly the least double cheeked up thursday in history hug and love your friends when you see them goodnight baked alaska prolly sitting home pepper spraying himself and saying a twitter employee did it to get unbanned 2018 gonna be all about respecting fellas , we out here providing emotional support to our boys, we out here possib i think ima stream some ASMR after work when u having a good day but then open twitter and see 1000 tweets about politics time really moves in slow motion when u aint nuttin whos this guy howard that everyones talking about another sad attempt to break our will by a Weak Minded soul who is not powerful enough to test his Strength and Ded i made it an entire 6.7 seconds watching this before i force closed my entire app im going back 2 bed ive been having the strangest dreams these past couple hours i have been discovered my mans over there thinks u cute. so many no nut november fakers out there believing these fake photoshops yall are NOT in gods light yall are NOT on our level this band is so hated in the metal community this album is so fire i dont give a HOOT what yall say reply to this with a pic that should be my background this new iphone x is pretty sweet the new camera makes my pee pee look a little bit bigger so id say good purchase overall Day 13 of No Nut November: I just saw one of these oscar meyer cars on the highway and got a quarter chub. is no nu why my timeline always 90% corny tumblr posts now yall have really ruined such a great website i once loved 140 characters: wus poppin jimbo 280 characters: to whomst it may concern by the valiant title Jimbo I indeed wish yall didnt see that typo right okay good moving on i jus copped my dream setup for guitar so i can finally record some music we boutta be SHREDDING this winter *girl posts half naked photo on the TL* me, screaming in my head: Oh Boy, lets see those Honkers Day 11 of No Nut November. I saw this picture and almost betrayed The Lord. I immediately grabbed the bible and rea one of the best 20 degree weather albums can i get a YEE YEE for veterans day fellas, they will tempt us with these Media Lies, they will try to break down our Will. but we must remain Strong d no nut november is really taking a mental toll on these hollywood people hey hollywood, stop the Diddling idk how yall smoke weed man i smoked for the first time in prolly a year last night and was walking around my apar I AM HIGH AS SHIT i just smoked weed for the first time in MONTHS and i fr can not stop smiling im bout to ask my doctor to put my body into cryogenesis for 21 days so i can survive no nut november WHAT HAPPENED TO MONDAY ON NETFLIX IS FUCKING LIT open this tweet for a secret message Fellas, Holster your meat. NoNutNovember is back in action. NOW THAT I HAVE 280 CHARACTERS I WOULD LIKE TO ANNOUNCE THAT THIS IS A CODE RED SITUATION FELLAS. YOU HAVE 3 THANK YOU FOR THE BIRTHDAY WISHES I LOVE U ALL WHO IS MAKING THESE RULES if u said happy birthday and i didnt fav or respond just know that i love u and fr appreciate it im gettin way too many and cant see them OH MY GOD JUST WOKE UP AND CHECKED THE MAIL AND SENT ME A FUCKING BIRTHDAY PRESENT JUS OPENED MY EYES ITS TIME TO GET LITAMUS MAXIMUS THE TIME HAS COME. ITS MY MF BIRTHDAY. THIS IS THE DAY THE LORD CLOSES HIS EYES AND ALLOWS US TO WHOOPETH OUR MEAT. ESKETITT FELLAS ITS ALMOST TIME BoYS FELLAS, PREPARE THY MEAT FOR A WHOOPIN ITS ALMOST MY DAMN BIRTHDAY FUCK 5 MINUTES FUCKERS 12 MINUTES 2 HRS AND 15 MINS TILL MY FUCKING BIRTHDAY IM BOUT TO IMPLODE 9 hours till my birthday and all my fellas can whoop their meat in Unity. the moment weve all been waiting for can i get a ... good morning Day 5 of No Nut November. Easily accomplished. Spent the day with The Boys. The Lords Light shines through me. NYC IMA BE AT THE 11PM SHOW LETS GET LITAMUS MAXIMUS the mood for the day Day 4 of No Nut November finished. Just woke up, day 5 has my soul weak. I feel abused mentally. I will succeed. i been had bout 40 of these emails already crazy how daylight savings time is on 4/20 this year what im rocking for my birthday listening to this tape start to finish for nostalgic purposes WHEN I WAS BROKE I HAD THE SAuCE a little motivation for my fellas these wall texts have broken twitter LOL twitter is BROKEN i am online, Gaming i get to spent my birthday weekend with my beautiful friends and the lovely i am so mf happy i got so high yesterday i ordered toilet paper and forks on amazon good morning i love u i hope u have a blessed day a friend whom shall remained nameless sent this to me, a true inspiration to all i am currently Litamus Maximus Day 3 of No Nut November. I am Invincible. I show no fear. I am becoming Immortal. im moving into a new place and my landlord showed someone my apartment and it smells like GAS in here pray for me in this house we DONT touch our meat Day 2 of No Nut November: When going pee I have refrained from even touching my penile region. I just pull my pants down and look away. because the world has been full of Sin and we are trying to find our way back to The Lord getting a lot of DMs from people saying their will is weak, u must stay strong . the lord is watching FUCK I DIDNT ATTACH THE VIDEO AGAIN guess what day it is me being a man of god during no nut november how is your #NoNutNovember going IF U JACKIN OFF TODAY U BEST NOT EVEN LOOK IN MY DIRECTION *crawls out of bed off 1 hour of sleep* *stares into own soul in the mirror* *brushes teeth. hits nae nae* .good morning i literally cant sleep the thought of not nutting for 30 days is deteriorating my brain NO NUT NOVEMBER HAS OFFICIALLY BEGUN! ATTENTION EAST COAST GENTLEMEN YOU HAVE ONE HOUR AND TWENTY TWO MINUTES UNTIL JUDGEMENT DAY #NONUTNOVEMBER figured id do a little something to give back to the community, trick of treat just slept all day now its time to participate in setting my yearly tradition of setting out of a bowl with mustard instead of candy in it #NoNutNovember just realized i only have 9 hours and 24 mins until the official start of no nut november and i am honestly panicking violently screaming ITS DooLPH to try and not fall asleep while driving crazy how halloween is on 4/20 this year this is by far the best snapchat i have ever received in my entire life stranger things season 3 but its actually just me eating ice cream out the carton with a butter knife this the time of year where i go full GOTH for bout 4 months me trying 2 figure out what to do next in life after finishing stranger things reply to this thread with your halloween costume so i can gas u up its real appreciation hours i love u come hang in the gentlemens club just woke up. had a dream i easily beat russ in an arm wrestling match. today will be a good day. u know ur up too late when ur snorting drugs off of a N64 Pokmon Stadium cartridge at 7:18 am i dont think any album has got me more hyped driving than this im on a 4 hour drive home and all i can think about is russ having a rap battle with willie wonkas oompa loompas who verifies these people i stayed until 5am making this fire beat for russ, the grind never stops. who lives in NYC hangout with me tonight maybe let me sleep in your floor be my friend my clout levels are Maximizing up late recording this fire beat for russ ima post it tomorrow i showed my pastor creek boyz and the whole church caught the holy ghost i posted this on instagram and then just received this text how can russ say hes the greatest rapper alive when he has to sit on books to see over the steering wheel im listening to this new young dolph tape that came out last week and deadass caught the holy ghost while driving by screaming ITS DoOLPH *doesnt do drugs for 4 individual days* me: the key to living Healthy is to drink Water almost broke the internet when i realized i didnt post the video with it 2 more hours until its officially ... The Afternoon me and my Fellas on the way to rise and grind on this fine morning couples costume idea russ has to stand on his tippy toes to pee in a urinal hello i am gaming with some fellas come watch if youre bored hi support my brother and buy some tickets to his shows, also Nov 5 ima be at the irving plaza show for my birthday waking up at 8 am so excited for halloween i just bought the last pickle rick costume in existence i just listened to riley reid rapping and i think its time for me to eternally go back to sleep happy daddy day kissing my girl goodnight oasis? Do you stand around the grocery store shazaming music? twitch is uber for guys who cant bench their body weight Tune into my stream tomorrow at 4pm PST wana start a Spotify playlist called slammed k20 boosted eg6 bangers destroying my body new video click the link ! fuck me hell Yeah our Romanian mercenary uses the finest hair grease bitch I was 10 thats what he gets, only one can wear the crown of shame and that is me 58 and lower: - hand crafted, artisanal - perfect shoe size - perfect for small apartments in Los Angeles 59 and upset cause she cant fit inside the arms of a 58 king just posted some wet wet hell yeah drake about to collab with Logan Paul and throw his response in the ocean on a flash drive then send a Japanese oys lil Reese got the scariest ig posts he doesnt do anything but stand still and all his captions are death threats real men* imagine getting shot by this fuckin dork kydf Ive had wings almost every night when do I die watch this too, Spot me in the club with pink eye watch this until I post my next vid. Dont stop. hell yeah when is the next supreme manny pack dropping pusha t in round 3 Drakes son tomorrow cant wait for info wars to pickup Roseanne * before I nut where we dropping boys?? Wow Van Gogh was the first soundcloud rapper wtf is in this curry 100% cheese its just a giant cheese wheel that hes going to eat until he dies Push is so happy rn new ding press play this the shit someone says when they want to fight you know what the fuck I meant You tubers 6 months from now: whats up guys be sure to smash that subscribe button select the first drop down and No. my brand when she says go back down Cody tried smoking this Prince harry really wifed up a San Fernando valley 9 anything is possible back home goin on twitch for a bit cant wait til the Dennys account starts using boomer in cheeky millennial way boomer is a slur my barber gotta step it up this man got a red dot + extended clip on his shit lmfao bruh chase rep: okay and whats your favorite pets name? me: laurel chase rep: yanny? haha just kidding dumb fuck youre so right Nicole we need the Gamer Men Edit and Cuck Edit of this is America so badly right now. As a cuc RAP RADAR ALERT: NEW RAPPER LIL LOWER BACK HE SPITTIN THAT MUSTY SOUTHSIDE SHIT NEW EP HEAT BETWEEN THE CHEEKS Yeah hi I just want to report an illegal bbq setup. me water boarding myself with orange Faygo in my kitchen for a 60 sec ig brand deal: its not torture if it tastes good ! Im 1/14 chkaraoke Her husband they gona need the whole cloud to figure out my shit show my guy some love he got 1m neo pets as of this morning new vid witness the pwn my hotel got a manlet fountain finally a place for me to take a bath I thought they were building iron man not a suburban jogging dad Im disappointed something something my ex haha isnt that a good one Brittany u fuckin brat I hope u see this I was at this club in rome I look over the vip section is all priests Im like wow these guys dont wait in line for anything italy is wild I be at the cross walk next to a moped and a smart car and we all going down the same road Im trying to build my European audience so I can unload hell fire cuck tweets at all hours of the day do I get to use tongue? Im a real boy.Im a real boy 1.5 hour delay Im upset family fellas. after like a day with no internet I realized like.I fuckin need the internet, dam this is the modern version of the African prince offering 1m on Craigslist John McCain said he doesnt want trump at the met gala fuck wit me Its mutha fuckin over for you bitch ass internet ass gremlins talkin shit about my leprechaun legs black mirror season 9: a mans ex wife uploads her consciousness to a google smart home system, making her former h white guys love talkin about home repair espn top 10 except its arguments Ive won Cant wait til he grows up and becomes a productive member of society by killing everyone in this room. I was close lol ya u r MANLET50 IS IT OR ?!?! arrived in London and the first person to talk to me says, hablas ingles? it me ur squad leader highlight of the night lmfao west world season 2: mark zuckerberg convinces a leprechaun to invest in a true to life FarmVille theme park her parents finally ran her videos through google translate lmfao you and all your homies are fuckin babies * extremely tight lips would u be intcherested in a slurp juice? its back up sorry bout that vine beef dvd vol 3 world premiere sorry I have to reupload I blasted prematurely editing the fuck out this vid yall better watch it tomorrow bro hit my line I gotta tell u about this epic win real quick it ruined my life so you get no sympathy from me I guess we could say thats an.Epic Troll ROTFLMAOTID bro u look like every suburban dude on Facebook with 2 kids and a album dedicated to his BBQ my first brand deal gona be with Sanjay Gupta medical offices for dick transplants where my dick donors at Im trying upgrade my guy! Elon please crush my wonderful mother of 3 Naw Im 17 what show is that Cant for Instagram and WWE to partner for a special edition Hell in The Cell featuring WoahVicky & Lil Tay vs Bhad Babie & Yodel Boy lmfao Kevin lee felt the touch of god new vid happy 435 new vid today. You know exactly when Im posting it pipe suckers lmfao this is an anime j cole fancaccount now No whats up YouTube at least one of them is right taking and to court Lmao what a shitty name for a podcast wang bruh new vid, very racy My boys gf is about to be a doctor. All he does is play video games & move from job to job, still partying & shit. still not going to jail tho yeah but 2 dudes saying the same thing Lmfao Sean hannity: the left celebrates R Kelly, a pee fetish monster but our sexy president graces a woman with his pee dont put that on me. you two are the criminals * injecting steroids in the middle of the crowd me: Wo! Rich Piana hologram at Coachella: where my five percenters at?! all my steroids designer Support the bro Hovey put a few million plays on this 2010: epic win! 2011: lmao bacon is me 2016: I wana die lol 2020: Im 33 I actually want to die now sorry no video today I was working on suki all week ur mom jeff Lmfao ima need some proof zuck shouldnt go to jail instead hes gotta listen to every single boomer Facebook post, filibuster style. zuckerberg testifies before congress I know this is supposed to be trump but I just see someone from north Hollywood asking me for a lighter new video is up uncle nole is pissed I look like van gogh on a respirator tf is meme day? damn my girl looks good wym this was last week the interview went well thank you for letting me focus my brand coolin in the club with pink eye how to grapefruit your man type beat * in the middle of stormy Daniels/trump sex tape * DAT PIFF DOT COM WORLD PREMIERE hold on a second mane I appreciate this Jacob but I also know you always got your fuckin hand up during the lecture do I look like a fuckin gym coach? fellas. new vid finally up happy Friday ima post a new vid today the fellas call me Noel but u can call me mr struggle baby lmao no Im just vegan last 4 days were super dope thank you to everyone who came out to the shows Im fucking crying yes if you need someone who does electrical work Im your guy Shes wrong as hell lady next to me on the plane: has anyone ever said you look like a Jonas brother? me: my names Nick, nice to meet you. I will also be calling out of work this Friday Chris Hansen reading sixnines aim messages: Daniel what is the blicky? Is that slang for cum? no, this is not me screaming. good morning what are we mad about today reply to this tweet with someone you think I look like Harvard Professor on Vice: Timmy Thick was actually created in software. All images and videos of Timmy are actuall vegan fellas breast feeding in 2018 Lmfao first ones to do it need to take a few hours to repair from the Scandinavian assault in my mentions Im not just wanted to give this a shot new horny video with and Reading Steamy Tweets  my first medium article: call me by your name is an elaborate attempt to appropriate the concept of fucking fruit who is this travel vlogger? Ima whoop his ass for naming me Jake and that weak ass bio drake is my favorite cam girl akademiks meeting with martin shkreli to work on his first mixtape put a condom on your mind Im a certified neck mechanic just hit the bench my titties full of juice Rex Tillerson sounds like Bryson Tillers album where he stops singing and just raps about eating hella ass are there any strippers named liberal snowflake yet? my sex bots boyfriend is super chill * speaking into my ear pods while seated in my bmw Me: Dave, cancel my Cabo trip. Twitter suspended all my sexy pi Lmfao wow you actually cut this 10/10 woahvicky is a british method actor preparing for her role in the 2025 reboot of Friday After Next college w/ new mf video guess who came for a visit 30 year old practicing new block boy dance for Instagram: this is fucked up tiny tour in 2 weeks Im fuckin hype breaking news: lead actress for Netflix Rachel Dolezal documentary announced yall gona get a F my name Elon musk whats the passcode to that neck cant wait for WWE to adopt the youtuber boxing league and give us cage matches between pewdiepie and jacksfilms 500 days of summer except its akademiks and six nine new video feat my first audition violent video games are horrible. They cause grown men to lash out at teenagers on live stream because theyre too just tweezed my nipples extrude my shit fam barber: say no more, we added show times! tickets avail here: do gay clubs play Cummo? there should be a term for taking pictures of other peoples dogs crazy how six nine invented the rainbow new vid feat high level scammer enjoy do u wana get fuckin face throttled? this is sugar gay ft wit bro we Boutta make a hit Nah this a deep fake Head phones died now Im listening to people moaning in the gym type beat ow fook am gunnuh coom lmao the bachelor except its a rapper and hes gotta date 12 of his teachers that said he wouldnt make it yeah vip means we can chill after the show and you can ask us to buy you cigs try this one new vid is up!! tour tickets in description go cop one just need one kid with yeezys and a tweet deck to immortalize me as a basic white girl tweet wonder what akademiks got 6ix9ine for v day I keep that thing on me bellichick benching any players who watched black panther next season love taggin the homies in horny facts tweets this is like 6 years late but drop a like if u would cop a these are Stacys baby pocket tee oh yes he can my uncle 4 months ago: wats a bitcoins? my uncle yesterday: Ive partnered with an awesome VC firm for a block cha edge lord 5000 is online bro.has ur cum ever looked like this? might fuck around and buy a prelude unibrow gang selfie kids first set of brand deals: - jt album promo - teeth whitening kit - Tom Brady lip kiss VR mobile game tough game for Tom. hes probably looking forward to going home, lying down and getting a comforting kiss from his son Im taking a dump why is everyone yelling in my apartment ranch in ramen with extra chili flakes type beat team mate: hey Man U wana switch off widowmaker? countryman83: dont u ever tell me what do with a gun u fuckin ne im online and ready to brag about my IQ lets get it poppin dumb asses thanks dog new vid is up new tmg song its dumb as shit New vid in 4 minutes 69 seconds mcgregor holds his son like a championship belt do these steroids make my phone look small? gona cop a twerking sex bot, film that shit for the gram and book it for a gang of club appearances okay no more cuck stuff until tomorrow * 2019 abc presents, the cucklorette. one lucky man (redditor) gets to watch 16 men pine over his wife and drill her to death Me with an army of redditors equipped with Elons flamethrowers standing outside of Space X: U WILL FUCK OUR WOMEN NOW imagine losing to 24k magic Im posting all of my Grammys action tonight in my finsta, dont miss a thing ootd 2018: haha sex bots, cum 2019: ya I swapped blue switches into her nipples cause I really like that click when I #ThingsNeverSaidInHarryPotter Harry come thru and carve my guts like a pumpkin Ron aint hitting this shit right new video is up ! new vid in like 20 if youre in LA go watch the fuck outta this tomorrow and Saturday when the manager actually does the what: see?! Im not crazy. Elon, its for research just fucking destroy her please I need it. Hes about to steal a strand of Rockys hair and put it in his private VR world so he can eventually deliver pizza your Uber driver Nathan is here: Lmfao yes my girl tweeting drake lyrics her ex must be single shut the fuck up russ whatever you gotta say nobody wants to hear it me in 2043 sitting with a sex bot designed as the 21 year old version of my wife: Im moving out, Ive already told the kids new vid is up bang that click !! new vid in 20 min nice of her to buy you that sweater graphics settings: low quality vine 3 ay hawmie could you spot me on the treadmill real quick go vote for Cody so he can get on stage and say keep ya dick fat nah we drew inspiration from little lies by Fleetwood Mac bingo after extensive deliberation I have decided to stop drinking shakes on the podcast. Im sorry for creating an atmos whats your favorite book the saga continues females go to one beach and become a gypsy soul damn somebodys ADT home security system is goin off new vid is up takin shots at all of u dude what? how am I cuck? I get to play Nintendo ds in the car during my wifes hair appointments and when she goes I got sum dumb shit for you just wait all the footage for my video this week got corrupted somebody nuke my apartment cant wait for my girl to cheat on me with a robot that looks like me these male robots with gigantic dicks are gona do everything we cant.listen to stories, remember details and have no hobbies dont try that physc 102 bull shit on me you cheated all through that class last year I was working a desk job. who would of thought I would have danced with Bruno mars, met Mariah and went v tbh bruh snapped dude really said baby paste on black mirror Im fuckin howling were suing apple bees [ plain white tee ] +5 chill rating +8 outfit +25 nipple visibility just copped a new gym bag drop a like if ur feeling it. Lmfao Its been a productive year for me so far this fool just discovered google earth Ladies whats the nicest morning after meal you were given before being told your Uber is here I need sum wed I wonder what jail economy is like in Azkaban dabbing is the modern version of the sprinkler I thought this was some promotional shit like what up jake paulers if this gets 5000 likes ima drop a freestyle wi some of you are talkin about my grammar like your last 6 years of English papers didnt suck shit Im the best my father could cum up with ima get arrested in 10 years for drunk in public and one of u is gona be the cop that asks me: ay man are u the skinny penis guy? wow thank you all converting my yt to a body building channel street fights gotta be anime edits all 2018 cause that shit is so fire audition tape Ive eaten 3 giordanos deep dish pizzas since Friday. I could fertilize a cheese farm with my next porcelain deposit I think the most fascinating part of Logan Paul is watching him pretend to be affected by dead body happy new year if u commit dickicide at exactly 11:49 ur dick will completely fall off at midnight. Thank me later make this NYE a good one! cutting my dick off tonight. sick of looking at this fool hotel room next to me bumpin Jamaican music. yeah girl youre giggling and shit but wait til he starts jumpin off a wow bruh snapped Chicago cold as shit. Ladies if u want to know what it feels like to get curved just come here and stand outside na everyone who works at chik fil a smiles like theyre being held hostage were droppin a 2 hour shit bomb this Friday and 2 eps next week happy new year did Keaton get his ass beat yet my girl got 3 bitcoin miners trying to figure out my iPhone 6 password Chicago on Thursday am I gona die in snow or what im regular and dumb mother fucker so what people who like deep conversations just wana hear themselves talk about energy and shit fellas dont be afraid to spank yourself during sex in 2018. self-motivation is important and its your body, do what you want adulting is hard - dude who smells like ear wax doin shit hes supposed to need some gucci ninja shoes with the ed hardy dragon onem for New Years buzzfeed: dont sexualize children buzzfeed: 29 Disney stars who are now 18 n u can openly want to fuck how Im comin in 2018 10/10 gift my 23 and me results: 10% - luck 20% - skill 15% - concentrated power of will 5% - pleasure 50% - pain merry Xmas lol not sure wyd rn but ima watch Star Wars at the mall n I got an extra ticket so lmk if not its cool have a good one lol Does it fuck IG models under 146k followers and have a residency at the Wynn? patiently waiting for someone to tell me happy holidays so I can blow their fuckin face off with this 78 cal and ma thats called a sex tape, well take your word for it ca man signs up for gang bang with Apple lawyers 500 likes and Ill make the ajit pai ring tone oh dam ur from England I saw that documentary Harry Potter crazy you guys ride brooms and shit thats kinda gay whe unless Elon is blasting his capsule into my sweet loving wife I dont give a fuck what hes doing good morning jizzitens of America check out this vid destroy your brain cells to this hey man I appreciate you making this free app called vine2. Must of taken a lot of time and effort. Now lets tal Lmfao dudes named stephan love talkin shit about Paul Ryan on this app ** wipes precum all over Cheeto stained cargo shorts after viewing overwatch hentai ** well akchually bitcoin was its 1983 Nintendo just came out and Santa pulls up on you with some shit made of wood smh First single of 2018 an ideal man in 2018: - invested in bitcoin in 2005 - practices naruto fight sequences in his mansion - doesnt c everybody rich off crypto smells like glue #batterychargemyshit2018 admin please ban they are cheating take me serious. my girl is a country club, millionaires welcome loving these new features I brake check Teslas just to see if they really bout it gang lol I text u earlier but Incase u didnt see it I hope u had a good night. lmfao clout music vid up now music video dropping today damn yall fuckin with the ep bussa fuckin nut to this rn ep dropping at midnight thank u king Jesus Christ its already happening my brand how me n the homies comin in 2018 stomach actin up I think Im dyin at the end of the day were all just trying to be dril what up pussies were here to gentrify the dance circle bro u better chill out u dont understand my boys from michigan they keep the ranch on them at all times Rt if you wanted to bang ur dell Inspiron after watching HER * net neutrality hearing senator 1: is there anything we can do about people saying we fuck kids on twitter dot c I need some retweets what are we bitching about today new shit post check it out piques: heres why vine 2 died support the homies if yall cop some shit theyre gona give me a new grey hat now is our time there are way more robots that shake their ass than robots that kill shit right now thx to everybody who came to the show last night I want to be scared but that just looks like a pissed off dyson recorded and posted on patreon bruv were setting a Guinness record tomorrow - the smallest penises to ever hit a stage. come thru: new video fellow cum lords check it out I have a huge heart and a fat dick fuck yall #new profile pic hell yeah this is what Im talking about lets get into the REAL animal crossing see this is why youre always disappointed, you only care about material things...smh please im sorry showtime watching this Toyota commercial where all these parents give their kids the u might be slow and ugly but so what fuck off zuck we know it's you android 19 I enjoy human flesh face ass we're sacrificing a goat * in 2047 me: so if I rent another apartment I can purchase a porn package for that address and my wife will never everybody take a second and wish happy birthday do a drive by/have sex to this tonight rapper names starting to look like gamer tags they're running out of options * 35 car accident on the freeway Russ: yea see I been sayin cars are bad since 1963. The truth is fuckin rude n u gang gang gang New episode is up bussa fuckin nut to this with all these perverts out of Hollywood we can finally clear a path for the true star we deserve, Brendan Fraser rest day today...traps sore af looks like he smiling for the first day of kindergarten in the gym benching shot guns cause that's all I gotta lift to take care of you karate mma loser jock pussies pleas Jake please side chicks be like: * in 2023 CNN: government issued penis RFID's will flag non-consensual boners Fellas no more being shy in 2018 we're putting toes on the gram too Exclusive TMG mixtape leak ( deleting in 10 minutes ) new video in like 10 or some shit buzzfeed 2010: top 10 memes u need to know! buzzfeed 2017: top 10 Hollywood sexual assaults me after my second cycle of steroids creative people (dudes): don't pull your penis out on anyone ages 0-99 and you have a chance this is just a gentrified vine compilation Im not gay , it's called owning libs I swear the apartment next to mine got a bowling alley in it when AI takes over the first thing it's getting rid of is avocado toast every time I see a white dude on a scooter I assumes he's on his way to gentrify something new video watch it before it gets demonetized vid goin up in 5 the people have spoken. new header vote 1 or 2 females named Candice love snitching i converted to goth now I nut eyeliner imagined aliens coming to earth just to deep fry humans and serve them with cole slaw CIA dumped bin ladens laptop and not a single gucci belt on that bitch smh broke boy give me the fucking elliptical pussy Paul Mitchell students trappin now females tomorrow morning ig meme account guy: bro let me post a pic of ur girl sucking me off. don't be ungrateful it's free promotion Merch coming soon bro new video is up go watch that mf tmg podcast support is crazy love y'all Fuck. To. This. Right. Now. just finished my masters degree so I'm finally ready to watch rick n morty i am now franchising my clout DM me for details ( serious inquiries only ) new video is up ! Lol back in the grocery store. dude got his leash yanked for picking up ice cream sandwiches dropped them instantly and said im just looking! seen a dude get CHEWED the fuck out by his girl for wanting to buy hash browns. He put that shit back. Hello 911? Yes there's a female in my house claiming she's my girlfriend and keeps threatening to suck my shit pls send help WHEN BAE JUST shitty_bed.mov PISSES THE FUCKIN BED lololololololol This man can hear around the corner what the fuck goin on women get turned on by cheese and fermented grape juice that's crazy fuck i missed it support the homie and producer of super xan aka the song u bought with your parents credit card Guy's a milk bag a fish hook is fkin brutal. Imagine seeing a perfect cheese burger out in the open n when u bite into it u get stabbed thru ur fucking head it's here cum lords 5 minutes Ladies don't be afraid to let your man bust a spooky nut today hey shit bags, new video today * Los Angeles 14 yr old in his Maserati: hey Dave lets increase my bitcoin holdings to 5 mil. Call me later I'm heading into the office Holy fuck This guy is distributing pay per view boxing matches with those satellite ears My mom tried to flush me out but here I am. Now I am new video first to comment dies wtfuck is Ricky n morty sauce?? creating a man candy account dedicated to pictures of me * Appendix C of Hillary's book A Comprehensive List of all my Black Friends just posted some sappy shit on patreon yo CNN: more to shooter than guns. he enjoyed country music and had a surprisingly thick outie belly button. suki wrapped Day 2 baby lets go woo fellas, is it gay to let another man in your house? I mean.that's basically a man inside your walls. I'm boutta make a fkin film this is wild Looks like a fuckin nerd virg 20% off getting your feelings hurt today, book me to roast you This is the most offensive music video of 2017 kind of a reach but I'm just saying fucking kill me with a mechanical keyboard Friday and I'm shitting myself hey nascar fan: enhance I roasted some Asian kid with blue hair and American flag shorts for a video. Send me that picture again u pansexual dumb ass so what the fuck is good you need some work or not? Lol might fuck around and get stressed out ** me coming home to my wife with a mouth on her titty me: unbelievable wife: he's our son me: pack ur fucking shit Lmfao new vid is up!! im cookin up some merch for the ladies to show how much I respect y'all got the fuckin Stang today Elon musk will make all men homosexuals by 2040 thus giving my wife no option We're about to get fuckin torched by the scala guys hold up, rick wants to bang morty? hey guys.This is NOT me It's lie, I wasn't there o hell yea pimp Rocket man. Im fuckin laughing this what I'm on tonight lemme die right quick yo have u heard of vsauce? he's a scientist Lmfaoo holy fuck I'm laughing Somebody replace his face with a fleshlight face #NewProfilePic My new pic Supreme Winter 2016 haul: - floral hat with Japanese letters - nippleless t shirt - Limited Edition Jay Jay the Jet Plane Fleshlight Plan * opens IG Based on photos you liked: I was a mistake just found I'm actually dumb. fuck That's one way of looking at it LMFAO back on my bullshit - permanently. new video is up This is an absolute banger somebody draw me one of those pictures where I have no pupils and my fuckin face is melting Mistakes are okay as long as they get a full time job. RT Ted Cruz shocks media with statement, I came so fuckin hard to that vid, so yeah, I liked it. Ur not me tho nah mane ur mic is just broken Ima be honest, I don't know how I feel about this I'm treatin my lady to sum special tonight A model citizen dude: I ride a motorcy- females with raccoon eye makeup: pls pile drive this raver kitty daddy man I can't prove this shit but I know there's a governor tied to a construction company who's horny as FUCK about these hurricanes translated: making fun of jake is not suitable for advertisers Lmfaoo * math homework Ashlyn has just shaved her head. How long until she apologizes on snap for using the n word? ( show your work ) ** some dude living in Venice Yo David did you borrow my toe rings last night? pictured below: everyone involved in my girlfriends last Instagram picture these mosquitos keepin suckin me off super Mario but instead of a super cape it's a du rag boutta get on this boat Please no Burger King was a bad idea The future is air conditioned we made another music video lmao 8 minutes self motivation me n the homies out here slangin 1 year aged manchego fuckin hell We're all just a bunch of grown up cum when bae catch u cheating u be like: Literally guys, the whole thing is a conspiracy. he's right here me and the homie accidentally touched toes now we gotta get married smh 100% myself Looks like I got merch now pls donate dam the blue man group fell off Sheesh I'm Gona eat one edible for every minute your app doesn't work. c u in court for corporate manslaughter fun way to die: take a shot every time a boxing ref screams stop Feeling tired and refreshed after 13 seconds of sleep last night I'm losing my mind hello No tag someone who does dope acid/trip art I need some shit ! worst part of the eclipse is all my friends sending me pictures of the moon with dick shadows damn this shit bright as hell One day Elon will screw my wife like a black and decker, you'll see. trump: hello? bannon: Lmfao who lives in Los Angeles and has a horse you guys don't understand how many vlogs Cody would have if he just charged his fuckin batteries just posted anew vid on my main ( only ) channel hello shoulda bought more bitcoin, fk Tiki Torch PR team is Gona have a brutal Monday Hell naw that's going towards post production lmao super grateful man, thank you everyone for the support. Wo Lets fuckin go Lmao people: shit shit ww3 might happen dodge CEO: lmfao we're Gona sell so many chargers fk ya I just really wanna know what jake said in that email to prevent that suicide. Donny: fire and fury NK: Donald_trump_as_khaleesi_on_dragon_burning_North_Korea.jpg rip Sean price bachelorette Susan fin ally was so bad Lmao at first yeah but I wana come up with something that lasts longer than a bloody fuckin onion Fuck to this. It's a good one ay should I buy a Subaru Zach fox living in 3017 new video is up ! New video today Almost there. New video with Korben Dallas! super dope mane Bro I'm fuckin howling just got super fuckin inspired my guy When I drop the sketch that puts the nail in the coffin on the joke. Elon musk could get my wife* I figured out how I can fund the rest of my film. Who lives in Philadelphia? 666 new video is up ! 666 I can't believe this  Ranch and coleslaw for dessert bruh they gona meme that cry face so bad shame on the UFC for letting cyborg beat up a cvs manager smh you're better looking as a guy me n the homies bout to split a cheese plate Do it and show me a dm of a female saying she is a Tacoma * tinder bio What's up I'm trevor, I love kotton mouth kingz and kush. If ur a toyota tacoma u best swipe right cause I wana fk doctor: the cancer is spre- McCain: hold on...I smell poor people wanting things. Brb I gotta go to the senate real quick I don't. I'm venturing on a quest which included a castle of highly weaponized dicks and I need maximum defense if *Jake Paul pulls up to house in team 10 van *enters home JP: Marissa!! Jakey's here to smash ur- Chris Hansen: hi Jakey, hav a seat over Land that dragon capsule inside my beautiful wife she's ready to have your children Elon please stop ignoring me. 1k already I fuckin love y'all The love you guys are showing is crazy.I can't wait to shoot this. Thank you all. New video is up! New video in ten minutes. Unclear ethnicity, patchy facial hair and big ass nostrils.I'd say this is perfect. GoT s7 spoiler: it got titties in it It's time to bang Lmfaoo Alex trebek must get hella trivia pussy video machine broke * tacky ad Showtime presents The black vs white comedy tour featuring Floyd mayweather yea! And Conor mcgregor Fook u! *boing sfx once u get verified u only get to follow mashable, cnn and deadspin Lmfao this actually got me head spinnin mane video Friday,, I was ready for x to stand up after that freestyle like this I'm a really nice guy. Seriously I'm the nicest guy you'll ever meet now fucking have sex with me. Damn, loaded lux really switched it up I'm Gona upload something soon I swear. disney quit fuckin playin you know who you need Susan g komen kush damn, brock lesnar fell off quttin comedy to be an accountant what's up shit bags Lmao what if Elon really did fuck my wife I bought out the local Barnes and noble already, Elon please notice me. Lmfao fuck y'all Elon please liberate me from this nightmare and cream my wife. I can't take It anymore. for Independence Day I've solved racism, you're welcome watching the bachelorette man I'm laughing my fuckin ass off Bout to put on 4:44 tonight and have a good man cry I don't want to hear any suburban rapper crying about their mom on the kill jay z YouTube instrumental in 2 weeks. Put the pen down Travis. Love my wife Elon I bought a tesla pls have her what y'all bad ass little kids up to rn 1M3bF1quoFKhjiZKVJq8kDcwfr7QJkN1MU Lmao * female from the valley voice umm ew, regular money is so - gross. send me bitcoin Just covered my dick in body vibe stickers, I'm ready to heal everyone at burning man. If you're poor don't watch this Lakers just got rebranded as big baller brand presents The Lakers just bought a tesla when does Elon slam dunk my wife in it? congratulations stem cell winner right here I need that gif of the bet button on a slot machine getting pressed first to respond gets a free stem cell treatment paid by Dan bilzerian all you bitches in brea go support my homie jack!! they said it was just a phase ... * pic of me watching Hentai at age 12 * pic of me watching hentai at age 32 every artsy female in east LA got this shoe happy Father's Day a little shit post for daddy day fuck to this tonight Bradley cooper really let himself go Watch the absolute fuck out of this. call me chipotle cause I got hella guac comey day except James comey is doing asmr God kinda gay for makin foreskin cause technically you're inside of you follow me home slice Get this to #1 Jake paulers thx mane too bad I was like 29 days late on it just trying to find that special lady with a spooky pussy fuck it up fuck I'm still broke need to get rich before Monday wsup booger titties youtube advertiser friendly content: - jimmy fallon - jimmy fallon - Jake Paul fucking his brother in the ass you look like a hot dog next week it's me, ur mcm guess the wedding wasn't that good fart if u up * white influencer with 1m followers shit shit shit I gotta delete all my tweets with the n word in it, Jason help me ** as my wife is walking out on me me: honey, you don't understand. If I don't take the prostitutes out on dates, who will? play this tonight while you smashin with 2 condoms on everyone pls tag Elon and make this go viral not sure how to proceed with life, comment below and tell me what you wana see me do next Fuck my wife Elon I love you good afternoon I'm still a bag of shit * the year is 2017 cnn: reddit users line up for grand opening of Elon musk cum store. They are mostly guys Cat fishing as me is the dumbest move, he will 100% get no action *goes to open mic me: covfefe netflix: how does 60 million for 3 comedy specials sound? college females make a twitter account just to post pictures of their calculus homework this account is run by 300 hot girls So the rumors are true...I've been living in a simulation this whole time. Call me young dark nipples Jared kushner is a fuckin dope drug dealer name, dude chose the wrong career im on cameo, hire me for a shout out i'm trying to make a short film default_white_guy_2.jpg videos coming soon. I think you missed the joke, Marcus. sorry bro all u have to do is tweet cum and all the horny accounts automatically like the tweet * female goes online female: hello dudes: IM GONA CUM. RIGHT NOW. hello Ay fam u got these 501's with the ass cheeks cut out? venmo me I need to buy a Ferrari pls and thank u love u back in the USA ready to eat some fuckin freedom fries brother Wouldn't be the first thing he's bombed This a bathroom or a murder table? I'm back in London where my cockfosters at? No officer you don't understand. It's not illegal - it's incestsexual. case closed, I found him zoom in on the water fall haha This is disgusting.who goes bowling anymore? white girls: spanish music is weird bieber: despacito white girls: me encanta reggaeton y daddy yankee y sabado gigante Icea serving the coldest jewelry every time I see a female with a low cut shirt I just wana tell her - I get it, you stream Overwatch I'm in Iceland where is the ikea I'm not dead times it's okay to cheat: 1. Never 2. If they're doing a tour in Iraq London doesn't serve freedom fries, I'm fucking out of here Just touched down in London where the good Mexican food at?!? twitter girl: sum1 could actually kill me and I wouldn't care lol her parents: neither would we New vid up on Cody's channel. watch it ya ding dangs Good morning who is ready to surf the we yo while u sleep im up on msn messenger havin cyber sex shitcast is up Im 1/68th Egyptian African, 5/10ths italian, 12% German and 9 3/4ths white so I can say the n word. Outfit of the day: - Ralph polo - bootcut jeans - sandals New vid new vid watch this mf World War Mem3  me: Im a hip hop head. Fuck the mainstream. Sit back and watch me spit 600 bars about Chem trails her: get me pregnant right now hello This is dope haven't posted. the drought ends this Friday my guy the scariest thing about being white is pronouncing Mexican food Shit is extra selling levis with custom dirt and pee stains starting price: $799 dm me for info Shit cast is up. Talkin bad about 13 reasons why ** gets stood up by girl Ay bro Ima need u to bring me 37 xans, 24 bottles of lean and 9 lsd tabs. Im lickin them all - we dyin tonight. * logs on to twitter various strippers: I made your entire salary with one titty u fucking loser me: okay aye if he got eczema he cheating 13 reasons why: 10 kids listen to the whackest podcast on earth a look Bro fuckin a paper shredder New video is delayed. Why do all these kids talk like they just got divorced? Boutta find out if I really look like this Spanish lesbian y'all keep comparing me to Hello I am Noel, an adult And I am excited about 420 Fox replaces bill o Reilly with Tomi lahren to show support for women (who are blonde) I'm not the mutha fucka from 13 reasons why Cole sprouse has been red pilled Literally F U C K I N G shaking this is a brand account with forced meme humor now fuck this zootopia shit Did you make an account just to tell me this? only 2000's kids will remember My wife says you can't put a price on love. Which makes sense because she doesn't pay for anything. Ah yes, he's accommodating everyone on acid alright we've been celebrating this shit for like 2000 years where the fuck is Jesus? twitter thots: Lmao omg death find me pls Kim Jong Un: say no more fam For about a month, yea New Episode of the podcast is up: I know this just killed like 20000 people but when did West Coast Customs get a military contract? Shut your 2nd generation Mayan statue head ass the hell up. what you wana see on me post on YouTube Friday morning 2018: cash me outside chick takes all the rappers she smashed in 2017 for statutory cases after her reality show money runs out united CEO: we had that jackie Chang guy on one of our flights. that asshole tried to make our employees late. Also heard he can't fight lol I'm up bitch Recruiters right now: Fam? subaru owners be like understand I only provide artisanal memes. all deep frying is done by my own hands ASMR: white guy extremely upset at jack in the box after discovering mayo on his chicken sandwich ahh...i get it now. he didn't care about the cosby case, he was preparing for his own case. running out of dick jokes RT to help out Rob ain't no April fools day bih I'm so fuckin boring bro suicide is gay as hell. how u gone blow your head off? smh... fuck yea tell them rob Rare footage of Guy Fieri in 1972, colorized Advertiser friendly YouTube content in 2017: - the tonight show - the tonight show - spiderman & Elsa fucking each other to death bro.this is Eminem's daughter. if she's 104 I'm 104 don't taze me vro new video is up wow pbs took a turn conservatives be like Took one for the team this weekend and did all the drugs so the squad didn't have to. Thank me later. some female: I farted twitter: omg u r so brave This is a meme account now. Give me your retweets lol the internet in 3 pictures i fuckin hate twitter National anal day open for a secret message The September 11 attacks (also referred to as 9/11)[nb 1] were a series of four coordinated terrorist attacks by dont fuck with me I'm a garment dont fuck with me man im a gamer I just assume half of everyone's snapchat score is nudes sent yo wtf never forget this absolute banger from 2016 now thats what i call sus vol 5 mad as fuck today can't wait to get home and take it out on my fleshlight can u see my tweet every time I go to Taco Bell I get caramel apple empanada and then jus throw that shit 9,000 miles an hour into the trash can tweet at this tweet the best picture of you. pizza rolls taste like windex slept 11 hours ready to destroy myself again singer || song writer || actress || chlamydia survivor || 16 || bvhs 2018 senior we're looking for a leprechaun if anyone has seen it say yeah video games have this magical way of making you feel unemployed even if you have a jo i cum when I'm pinched so the jokes on you today pal somebody pay my rent wow the funniest shit on earth from 2008 was when soulja told ice t when you were born y\all was still driving in wooden cars this is fucking disgusting.I can't believe anyone would call bow wow a rapper $1 food vs $1000 food which one makes me poop more click to find out hint: both of them like comment cumscribe some people really don't give a fuck My bad lol It's time to die kim k: I just cummed Kim fans: wow we r so proud of u queen my car just did a 360 no scope Yea rt if u put ur dick in an onion ring before * Saturday 11:59pm baby im about to pour this $500 bottle of titos on them titties * Sunday 12:00 am lord bless this booth as we pray Vacation  kids choice awards categories: - who went thru puberty first - first kid to cuss - first kid to skate - first kid to get a bj gl tonite hell yea trevor Im not old but Im old, u know? smh hello 911? I opened a bag of hot cheetos and a swarm of latinas have entered my home to fuck me to death pls send cops aye I think I found the crash site I've never tried to die so fast the best part about apologizing to your mom after not doing chores is putting on your meninist shirt and secretly calling her a bitch daylight savings is coming up which means that's one less hour of sun light that the people have to stare at my dumb ass egg face to my friends, I know I have become insufferable lately but just understand Im taking this whole wrestling isn't real thing pretty hard First name I'm the Last name joker baby sorry everyone I cut the power to the Statue of Liberty, I thought the ladies had enough fun for one day The hardest part about microwaving bagel bites is telling my kids I don't regret them. I can't wait to blow up and get rich so I can donate absolutely zero dollars to anyone. the owners of my apartment complex think oreos make up for raising the rent yeah he did, he's alive alright clearly some of us missed the reference what tweet? new video, lets get it new video today If u missed it go watch the replay. warning: this is an extremely violent and controversial episode 62 I wanna shoot some music videos. just gotta run this back every once in a while twitter in 2 months: u can now filter out tweets from pepe profiles spotted a UFO last night This is exactly how Charles Manson got the job done. hey my first day as president I'm whackin off in every room of the White House idc who's watching remember when bacon was a personality Heyyo 10/10 Man fuck twitter ** Gillette marketing team Alright ICE seems to be a real threat to anybody with a mustache. What are we doing to target this need? i feel like ICE is just bagging anybody with a mustache shut the god damn hell up u guys fuckin ruin everything somebody send me a million dollars right fucking now good morning my body feels like it's been beaten with a bag of concrete for 24 hours every time u follow / unfollow someone gets an std new shit w fuck it up The Best Homie  my parents run this account If I'm so old it takes me 15 minutes to cross the street just hit me fam rt if u a fucc ass boi video tomorrow. prob gone end my career her: how much do u respect women me: new video soon New shit. Watch me scream my ass off high fucktose corn syrup wen ur in 8th grade n u find out she wears thongs wen bae should I make a patreon? Wild animals gotta fight every time they wanna fuck. Smh I'd be a dam virgin I know you're a street drummer n all that but.you coulda just made this shit in fruity loops I'm fuckin tired Should I go outside today me: he is not my president tumblr: I was joking stop being pussies ! ! ! It might not look like it. But ya boy dealin wit sum insecurity right now... T G I F = Thank God I'm Fucking your Mom good afternoon thanks y'all s h i i i i i t what episode of spongebob did y'all steal this from? I'm a fucking idiot but I don't give a fuck to everyone eating the heart candies off my desk: that's molly! I'm having goth sex all day until midnight happy Valentine's Day wow x games look crazy this year youtuber drug test piss sample giveaway VR needs to hurry up and turn my life to the sims so I can burn down my wife and kids with a stove fire when they piss me off n start over new tat ur mcm jacks off onto his abs and wipes it off after the NSA tracks every time you type the n word In a text message so get ready for jail g eazy fans when conspiracy theorist rappers die they ascend to info wars heaven and contribute to Alex Jones increasing power How many people going to PF Changs and watching the Great Wall tonight? NEW GAT DAMN VIDEO!! Sorry it took so long lol new video soon the bachelor aka mental illness battle royale season 7 Lmfao my dad in a dispensary: does this weed come with a protection plan in case I get too high? yea dudes wanna rock skinny jeans until their intestines get backed up with Panda Express because the skinny jeans restrict the flow of poop FUCK RANCH!! Yo what lizard is this? Happy Saturday nut sacks hey there horn dogs, watch me tonight on Goat Rodeo - wow this is so fucked Lol. I tweet tough but you gotta trust me when I say - I'm a gigantic pussy and I will shake your hand in real life while apologizing profusely. I'm just fuckin with ya Bon Jovi. Be well. Similarly, I hope to create a network of sarcasm to end all progress and become a true villain of the internet. What hentai is this? Flushed someone's lunch time mistakes. toilet water vortex launched a single drop of water onto the back of my head. I have aids. Good bye. ** politically motivated riot youtuber: wats up assault victims! use the uber code on my sign to get $10 off your ride to the hospital! Look at all these tweets making changes in our society. Keep up the good work everyone, we're only 1000 tweets from ending racism. my squad always horny This was #3 roast for me in high school. Smh. notifications aren't working, probably getting suspended, rip can't wait for the trump gestapo to be formed in late 2017 and waterboard all of buzzfeed for tweeting about his hands Hello? Pull up to the party with Cajun seasoned xanax i like twitter. i do. however - fuck twitter. I've been wanting to upload more videos but I been busy as fuck. From the makers of Duck Tape Its Dyke Tape! double sided mega strong tape to secure dildo to any surface hay! grass! trees! u name it! yea y'all wanna break gender clothing norms until it's cool for dudes to wear skirts and they start takin fat dumps wherever they want Attention LA: There's a giant party on the freeway at 5pm. Free entry as long as you have a car. Fuckin ay Barron trump drawing giant cans on girls seems bad but at 10 I was downloading hella porn on kazaa so I don't know if I can judge too hard she gone eat this molly like it's danimals Just watch this got damn video. To all the gay guys messaging me on Snapchat: i am not your daddy - that's impossible. I accept u for who you are, unlike your real father. Wow thanks! RT @ BuzzFed This is the most offensive video of 2017. Good morning. Am I famous yet? retweeting my shit all night I don't give a damn! Breaking News: Trump buys World Star Hip Hop dot com. Converts site to conservative country music mixtape forum. New video about respecting women. Check it out. Good morning just found this awesome online multiplayer game called DM's Wow. Rip i know coffee and weed sounds like an oxymoron, but u gotta understand - im just trying to get my heart rate high enough to die at work can't wait til 2053 when we all discover we got brain damage from twitter 3 months in: daddy cum over and nail me like they did Christ 2 years in: u wanna see my titties? Take out the trash this is the funniest fucking thing I've seen in the last 48 hours look at this dumb fuckin shit I know I look depressed but trust me, it's just my massive dick draining the blood from my head and face. Rodgers told the receivers, just run wherever you want. Im not throwing this shit to you anymore anyways Good morning really glad my wife is participating in the march because for the first time in 20 years the house is quiet on a Saturday good morning I have lost my mind, sorry. ** in the club I always wear a condom underneath my pants so go ahead and dance however you want. what she thinks you're doing in the club vs what you're actually doing Lmfao Yes but I've negotiated with ICE and we'll be back on schedule next week hello Best Buy? I'm trying to use my white privilege on your job application and it doesn't seem to be working. Could I speak to a manager? those trump supporters didn't give a single clap for that rabbi lmfao just blow my brains out Can't wait for a body builder to carefully examine my body and tell me what's wrong with it / call me a pussy and think that's not weird body building is a mental illness wen u and ur girl aren't on the same page abt what cheat day is There isn't one circumcision with 1000 degree knife (not click bait) I'm half black online but white in real life Plays basketball once * No cause she'll never have sex with me again. me: i'd like to cancel my service time warner: ok. a technician will arrive between 11-4 to fuck u up. dont ever call us with this bs again crazy how my balls got nominated for the shorty awards school shooters couldn't be happier I need some gat damn inspiration how long until a politician sends a dick pic and blames russian hackers hello twitter? Yeah my son keeps talkin about some cowboys getting fudge packed because of your website. I would like to speak to a manager. what do you want to see me roast twitter: r u an edge lord who thinks trump stinks ass? do u like zany cool memes? then u need to start browsing twitter moments the top of my head looks like a duck with a beard lmfao. me too. stop asking me what race I am, my dad doesn't even know Yet another unrealistic male body expectation Middle aged women always telling everyone they should meditate. Not all of us are crazy and ruined a marriage. Fuck out my face with that Official image of Russian hacker who hacked American election released You know he's gona talk your ass to DEATH if there's no music playing. every time i take uber i need a xanax. i get anxiety thinking about being locked in a talkin ass uber driver's car during LA traffic Fuck yeah do you know how much more popular I'd be if I was full white 6th grade. sims on the school computer. i see 2 sims fuckin 3:01 pm dad: how was sch- me: dad i need the sims + a private computer, today bar que gay as hell. how u gone smoke meat ? smh rt if you get sad every time you pee Disneyland except Scientology themed Xenu World No video today sorry I got sick as fuck and couldn't shoot a damn thing i fkn hate being sick Rt with ur hair color Hopefully in 2017 all men will finally die as they are toxic and make no valuable contributions to society boutta step out i have eaten so much food this weekend. i'm looking like a beer keg. someone is gonna have to roll me to the airport. ronda probably doesn't give a fuck she'll get a bunch of ad deals to promote pain relief products and do the fight club feminist reboot need 85 subs so i can claim 10,000 kids on my taxes pls help. rt to help my taxes thank u u know I'm got damn dolphin-sexual 28% of IG users are former fat guy who used fitness to make a 7 figure business dudes trying to sell you some bull shit took an uber pool just to man spread in the back seat. yes I'm sitting in the middle. what should i break 10,000 of when i hit 10k on yt Driverless Audi life sentence in jail challenge (almost got sexual ) mainstream media: hav u heard of the latest craze?! it's edgy it's spooky it's white nationalism! [ sponsored link ] white power music S - I was P - cool in high school O - but now I got day job R - and I'm just T - dying slowly inside S - but I smile on the outside i thought white vans were a good idea but i just look like somebody's mom wearing Ked's from the back. bases in 2017 1st base - send nudes 2nd base - bangs all ur friends and leaves u 3rd base - apologize for being male i thought this was a bad joke by postmates.but naw. im just ignorant. really glad u posted that 90 page thesis with citations on what the universe is telling you below your gym picture, fam haha dam bro u saw a noel decoration on Christmas? thx for texting me that man never seen no shit like that before * in my voice SHE GOT AN EXTENDED BATTERY ON HER PHONE CAUSE SHE NEED MORE TIME TO CHEAT ON YOU I'm breaking up with my girl every day smfh merry Christmas cuh looking like a nba2k my player I wanted to make this stupid side chick psa video for Christmas but my pride won't let me new sketch w/ just lookin for a bro who will let me bang bro the men's have you thought about dressing like a girl? section at every LA retail store every youtuber right now now any time I see some kids in public I'm afraid they're Gona tell their mom I'm the skinny penis guy and I gotta explain was in the elevator on vacation. lil kids in that bitch. one of them looks at me like he kno me I'm like, if u fkin say skinny p Ima fade u well trigger me timbers hey just found out I'm half white do u have any advice on half white guilt? do I shame half of my self? which half? the dick part? I make internet CONTENT dude! what do you mean u don't care about my political opinions?! I do not fuck with cottage cheese you got bad morning breath cause all those lies you told last night turned your mouth rotten it's easy to open your third eye bro. you just gotta be unemployed, live at home and smoke other people's weed na bro I only do cocktails with milk, fits my bulk cycle. took a zip line today. I'm afraid of heights. wish I could say I didn't shit all over the good tourists of Mexico but, what are ya Gona do O.fer SHERN duude, fer SHER. I'm in Mexico slept 1 hour I feel g r e a t ur thinkin about becoming a stripper n u come to your fortune cookie like this. wyd? don't lie bro u fuck with owl city, heavy. if he take u to dave n busters ur the side chick cause all he wana do is play games with u who's triggered today bro can u see my dick thru these joggers? new video w dam that's a dope ass clip from the hood u spoke! we answered! this christmas Twitter is offering free drone strikes for all the cool edgy teens that wana die start dec 12 this week on the slow mo guys: we got one of those parents that beat their kid's ass on facebook to do it again with our 2000 fps camera me: wut would u do for 3 pancakes for 89 cents girl: pay 89 cents, wut about u? me: change my gender I wear two Rolex's when I hit the bench press the key to making it in a relationship as a dude: after 2 years just apologize. all the time. even if she doesn't ask. new video w/ good morning I feel like death u gay if u go to sleep. how u gone hit the sack ? smh rt if u not sleepin boutta sell out wish I could be one of those dudes that makes bae be like videos every day and just cash out to the people who used fafsa money to buy weed and mac book pros: you're welcome! - people with jobs my last 2 retweets just gave me a six pack. holy shit I'm crying remembering one of the best to ever do it today. my first internet painting, thanks I graduated from ITT Tech with a degree in Respecting Women i've separated my races into 2 images, hope this helps. boutta step out was doing a cross fit routine on the freeway with my girlfriend, then this RANDOM ~*cRaZy*~ dude just runs up n has sex with her! WTHECK?! Look at this 100% real, authentic moment where a RANDOM person (who is not mentally ill) smashes a windshield. fait the girl who is unemployed, gona live in her moms house til 29 and thinks she's ending racism with tweets Twitter user break down: 50% dudes with a bull shit job 20% drug dealers 30% 14 year olds with Ariana grande avatars change your gender challenge I have stonewalled my stomach with potatoes and eggs. I am going to die soon hey apple support, is there anyway i can make my phone die faster? a 6 hour battery life is just too long ay bruh i like ur style could i take sum pictures w/ u lol i fw with the movement haha my mom put out a tray of bacon this year for no damn reason mom: it took me 3 hours to make this stuffing so please be careful brogan: i have to put it in the ass? thats gay. I wana start a fucking cult everybody in the Pacific Northwest got strong ass legs and pack a small gut cause all they do is hike and smoke weed they say humans are social creatures so text me back bitch a.d.d meds are funny man. like yea no shit billy gets his homework done fast - he's taking meth. daily people in LA spend $30 on a egg sandwich and think that's flexing. no bitch you just copped a mc griddle on a white plate. y'all mind if I sperg out? i want to wear a chain but i know i'll end up being the guy who gets it snatched and still have to make payments on it. heaven's gate mannequin challenge FUCk!!11111 today on now this: dude climbs up stripper pole using only his ass cheeks might fuck around and become an indian credit card scammer investors: we heard your users are volatile Twitter: no not all. ** mutes phone .Diane. suspend anyone who has tweeted the word cum sure. ay put on that owl city new shit w/ wen bae poot in ya mouth what's good twitter oh hell yea damn. mcgregor bitch u thirsty please grab a Sprite, my crips lurkin don't die tonight I need 15 new cameras Reality Check w/ what's good sketch tomorrow is 4k. very hype to drop this. good night all you dummies who said you're leaving, give me your american money. you don't need it anymore lmao pc culture got a reality check tonight breh!! right now NFL on FOX music Tonight's Election play clock is brought to you by Bud Light Also Be sure to sign up for Race Riot Fantasy League the salt is going to be insane tonight if you're in California make sure you vote for prop 420 so Costco can finally give us some of that Kirkland Kush #NationalDuragWeek have u guys heard of Politics( Twitter Inc.) ? no way if you goin to dinner with folks who try not to pay use this joint. it's free. lmfao hell naw New video up w/ what gang is this? follow me on musically put a step forward tonight by not wearing an ignorant costume and killed my privileged white parents instead. this subject line has me laughing committing suicide via pizza tonight whoms mans without vine how will we know what white people be like? New Video with aka Mr Smack It On The Ass rip dam I gotta get a job now smh Just posted some fresh new ass I'm up in target with a full bank account. I'm about to go the fuck off it's whatever bitches love stationary sup y'all Instagram thinks I'm Ken Bone no video on my channel today. Microsoft sucks the tits peep this bit I did instead Microsoft can kiss my ass !! can't go to the gym. bad form gets you put on youtube. everyone gona know i use my whole back to lift 20 lbs smh I'm dyin bruv shout to my bro for the tooth brush fade. im about to kill it this weekend remember everyone bagels come in many flavors so pick the one that's right for you That New New with and I'm up btch if dry humping cures cancer then at least 19 women owe me their life. wow he really wants that raise you ever get so high you just wana fuckin cry a little bit daddy needs new teeth who wants to knock them out only posting feet pics on IG from now on must have been so easy to be a president before the Internet. lmfao das ryt brand new shit w/ too much sus breaking news: young man can't stop telling his co workers he's so fuckin tired bro Tim Kaine is a cheer leader husband. goes in to Best Buy n talks your ear off about how his wife needs quickbooks 2020 for her etsy business new video go cum ment exclusive interview with Tony Romo after your girl sees the group chat puta Antonio brown fuckin that air u gay if u a shark how u gone swallow a man whole? smh sharks gay i had to do this. thanks Danny boy people posting pictures of coffee never get shit done because they're just taking pictures of the shit they think helps them get shit done sexy elon musk costume 2016 dogs always laying on their back, whipping their shit out. putting their shit on my girl. i didn't ask for these th dogs out here wit bigger dicks than me smh you really can do anything once you got a million followers okay I'm done sorry for spam who orders a side of coleslaw?! WHO?! yes hello can I get a little cup of trash please. ye-naw. id have told the manager: whoever wants coleslaw can bring their poisonous ass in here and make it them se 3rd world country: hello world we are hungry as fuck. send anything but coleslaw keep that mayo ass cabbage in the dirt where it belongs. I'm so god damn hungry I could fuckin eat coleslaw even 3rd world countries don't accept coleslaw does uber eats deliver ass u done fucked up by taking my horse type woke ass shit faster with the clap typer ** Very important Q&A with Elon Musk Trevor: ay if I get picked to like, go to Mars, when I cum...will it float? cause of like space n shit? 45* New Loose Footage sketch up w/ and neither of these old fogies are gona stop ME from cybering anyone !! I really wanted to cut a battle rap trailer with trump and Hillary. wanted: 3 model dudes (no homo) to take group photo so I can see how upset girls get when they find out I'm the inbred looking one Hillary: before we begin I'd like to open with an quote from MLK Fuckas in school telling me, always in the barbershop, chief keef ain't trump: nice sneakers Hillary - Hillary: these are JORDANS, Donald. u would know if u were connected to the culture like me. whompt these bitches in the club smokin on some ass I know the weeknd says skinny pieces in his new shit so to whoever is Gona do the skinny penis edit: its crazy dance called the dap hahaha. i know i dont get it either. also Cynthia my divorce is finalized incase Just cooperate and nothing will happen 12's He can get out of america if he doesnt like it 6's Setting up a wirele so hype for punken spice lattes new sketch go check it out this man is a fuckin ace. 10/10 Chris Nolan casting him as the lead for inception 8 ho my god Paul sample does it again I am taken by Jesus aka I got pregnant by a dude who drives a lowered Honda Civic and doesn't talk to me anymore just posted some zaNy bloopers ( goofs ) ! my dad said if I get 4 likes hell beat me ! Shipped: Your Amazon package with Hemorrhoid Treatment Cream - HemoTreat 1 Oz Tube (Order quantity: 99)...will be delivered Wed, Sep 23 top 5 ways to survive LA: 1. talk a lot without telling an actual story or an opinion 2. talk a lot without telling an actual story or an o Im a spiritual person aka I don't pull out they call me pansexual cuz I only fuck wit Teflon ha ha ha . ** gets arrested are you Gona tell my parents I blaze? guys like this dude who manages the door to the club: ye bro there's like 7 people inside, we gotta keep all 900 of u out here until some people leave hell no tf tonight I want put everybody claro think I might do 2 videos a week mane To the ladies always posting long ass quotes We get it, you keep getting cheated on. being an adult aka listening to your friends tell the same stories to different people Wow, 2 women don't like each other? What a surprise. gofundme for brendan dassey to lose virginity New video is up!111 thank you Dan Im getting my cosmetology license aka Im trying to find a dude with money and call out of work all the time my piss stream got bass to it if you've been fit for less than 9 months, don't give anyone advice on fitness. how do u know u won't be a total slob again? okay im done spamming. srry u had to mute me Hillary thinks Pepe and Trump are the same person. I hope she wins, I've always wanted to see someone with dementia ruin a country. people in LA get 2 abs and become personal trainers guy at whole foods: once u unlock ur chakra u can nut twice as hard me: give me my card back Tanner, i paid already u shit stain Every news site right now Okay this has gotten out of control what up mane New video: Fade 101 w/ you just fuckin pick up...nvm. wow can't wait to read all the zany iphone jokey tweets today!! they just get better every year ! surrender your butthole to me the store is out of zucchini* Lmao sorry my keyboard was in mandarin ** unlocks phone Fk ya time to go on social media n feel bad how tf so many of u hit 6666 if u become my 6666 follower screen shot and dm for satanic video thx It's dead now rip New video press like Cincinnati zoo Gona start killing animals to stay relevant breaking news: mother of rapist doesn't like Internet meanies yo please give the homie some new shoes. somebody gotta save him from his own self destruction lmmfaoo what up this is ur captain speaking, were about to fuckin crash bouta fuck this mc chicken live on periscope rt kids in 2019 be like 1st base: holding hands 2nd base: anal * photoshops young thug into the mortal kombat 2 character selection screen. 11.7k retweets 16.2k likes all men r scum, contribute nothing to society and should dig dirt until they die New Video, Chick Fil A Board Room skinny p music video personalized vine mane.I never had pizza rolls until right now and I only bought them because I kept seeing everyone tweet about them. World star skinny penis vine comp 23 Judge: you're in court for the arraignment of murder. Do you have anything to say? Zac Penton: My mentions are goin the fuck off naw man can't chill, gotta make some back to school videos for Instagram. Sorry bro! - 27 year old man in LA porn star hand Job flicka da wrist vine comp 47 i am fuckin laughing. wow just musical.ly'd my parents sex tape I gotta fuck wit timbs on because I told my girl I'm 510 Same as my Twitter tiny meat gang rt , I need to be recognized as THE skinny penis. smh ( no clickbait ) NEW VIDEO: The Real Congressmen of California asmr ju jitsu matte rolling and UFC discussion Shout out for makin skinny p famous gona have a mental breakdown around 6pm pst/ 9pm est pls make sure u have my notifications on 35 not a good time to just start doin acid n shit so do it now man i ate shit on a bike at 12 n thought i was gona die of internal bleeding because i slammed my head on the pavement. every1 called me a pussy hi im jared, im 12 ive never cummed before n i want talk to u today about mac keeper why are there so many articulate 12 year olds on YouTube giving product reviews. ride a fuckin bike or something u run train and drop acid at 16. why even grow up. mane a few years back, 2nd base was seein titties. 2nd base now is probably like running train. Dam how tf I just leak my own jack off tape whoever lives below me is working on their Detroit Booty Bass Mixtape and rockin my whole unit. my nuts getting scrambled right now i don't fuck I destroy finishing shootin some stuff mane. next tuesday you'll see it. Police Address Photoshop Accusations feat. Young Bung. Lmfao I smoke weed and shake my ass EVERY day. write some articles about ME mutha FUCKAS ! here are the top 25 times we got triggered during the rio olympics 1. men were speaking 2. men were speaking 3. men were speaking 4. mean w say bitch u like flowers n eye contact? U gay if u bring hot dogs to the bbq Y u wana see the homies eat wieners ? I know y'all want the roast vid. It's comin. Lol mane there are so many skinny penis vines. how tf u look like my cousin If u want your avi rated reply to this tweet and I'll make a vid if I get at least like 20. 8/10 u prolly steal my girl so I'm scared already gotta look hard as fuck in your avi or your tweets get no respect. special edition male chokers by young thug and Forever 21 me as a business: Meme production is at an all time low. We're looking to decrease masturbation in the 3rd Quarter and get back on track. Lol frank ocean more like frankly full of shit! am I right? What's up twister dot cum !!?? Everything I've shot this week is straight trash. ** gets curved in high school Bitch I'm Gona work out for 12 years straight. Well see who wants to fuck who at our reunion NOW BOOKING! VLOG features. Book me for your vlog!! Ima make that trip to McDonald's F U N N Y. GUARANTEED CLICKS BOOK ME A$AP Stranger Things: an androgynous Jedi escapes white male oppression & faces a problematic society which constantly misgenders the jedi I posted a video last night. a lot of you guys keep asking for pics, well. the shingles have spread to my entire body. i'm not gona make it. Video is Gona be late today, shingles fucked me up headlines according to my dreams: half naked man builds pizza box fort in the middle of the mall I got shingles man wtf you think they got Pilates in prison? I don't lick the yogurt cap in front the homies. I know I'm a bitch because I had a dream last night me and the homies killed some people. I was ready to snitch on every1. Fuck dream jail. just wait til I hit puberty bitch. I'm balls deep in the grocery store why doesn't everyone just report for being a nutsack DOJ issues response to police brutality new video at 12 Hey can you please tell your drivers to stop fucking talking for 2 seconds. * signs up for AT&T * turns on iPhone69 wow kind of exci- You have used 100% of your data wtf my time has come. my girl trippin cause me and my boys got a table at the club. Smfh how else are we supposed to do bible study? On the dance floor? TONIGHT ONLY - LADIES GET FREE ZAPDOS ALL NIGHT - BEFORE 7 FOR THE FELLAS. CLUB OPENS AT 7:01 how tf I just find out I look like a worm? I want to shave my head but then I'll look like an olive on a tooth pick n that's not respectable u gay if u get a double bypass surgery. u gone let another man touch your heart? smh. tryin this new popular cleanse program [ cocaine ] so far I've caught a lot of Pokemon cause I can run anywhere really fucking fast I made a vine what's up guys I caught a squirtle while taking a shit my tweets been ass. stay with me folks can't for the first Pokemon go in the hood vine by some suburban kid How many days until she got a mouth like gyrados shows up in a lil yachty song Ima hold off on posting this video ay ma, r u lookin for appendicitis? cus I wana fill ur guts up might fuck around and get woke THIS SATURDAY. WE STILL PARTYING. FUCK THE RESULTS. Ay this don't look like the picture fam snapchat: thenoelmiller no one has seen this so I want to bring it back Is that dish soap? can't wait to see everyone snapchat fireworks this weekend. it's gona be a fuckin blast I've been driving around with a donkey piata for almost 2 weeks now. Here is some ~ * BRAND NEU *~ content 4 THAT A $ $ mixtape cover coming along It's ya boy dj strong titties fam: u wana hit the beach me: ye hold up hi thank you for calling time Warner how can we help get our fist deeper into your ass ?? damn when everyone in the group chat starts roasting you when u find out harambe got killed and remember he used to whoop your ass U ever smoke weed and feel like u gotta fuckin nut everywhere? Vidcon was CRAZY! Here are some pics from my booth just kiss me on the cheek fam and we even. If you love getting absolutely fucking TRIGGERED here's a video for you! okay twitter now we're talking When do I apply the dude rag? I don't have wave builder but I do have LA Looks. dude in the next stall just whispered Jason while releasing. I left immediately. me n the boys are getting triggered tonight. hmu if u trying to get absolutely fucking upset for 6 hours straight just wait till I get this Invisalign hoe ah, thanks for the heads up Bingo How It's Made: Father's Day Edition Unbelievable what the fuck is this ? finally, a safe alternative to steroids her: what u wearing to the club tonight? me: TL in shambles. Stang aka Mustang aka Poonstang (( GT Model )) review here: The people have spoken. Stang review (( GT model )) cumin soon bout to jump in the Stang (( Ford, GT Model )) and get a fuck ton of pussy. 10 rt's n I'll giv u a tour of it twitter moments is just insane this morning. Truly impressed by Obama's honesty this morning. Hello, 911? I didn't mean to get this high. White people love politics because anything with rules makes them cum Next tuesday after your eyebrow appointment you stroke faced dyke lookin ass 17 ways to do coke in a bounce house with your kids The hardest part about having a tiny dick is thousands of women want to take pictures and smile with it. I hate it. My last RT, I'm fucking crying. one of the true super stars of the Internet and the only fight video worth watching on YT in 2007. RIP Brock turner at the party like at the club like this tweet gona be funny when you go to jail I look like a midget Today: The Alt Right mourns loss of critical internet tool my name is nole Miller and I am stand cumedian Releasing tomorrow, transgender DLC for halo 9. 2 for $20 this saturday at the swap meet Mood 100% cast iron du rag (+28 defense) and a pack of condoms I like these choose your own adventure memes U walk in a room, ur bitch is getting fucked. Ur equipped w/ a sword w/ +50 to speed. Wyd? catch this sex fade hoe u ever get triggered so hard u just fuckin nut? . gloom means more than just clouds today at UCLA great time for weather puns guys! truly superior reporting. Tomorrow: all bears murdered for thinking 7 year old boy is food. Parents sue forest & city for having live bears Hitting news stands tomorrow! Happy Memorial Day! woowww LMFAO housewives evolving bro True Life: I'm horny NEW YouTube Video: Bitter Weatherman makes a Kickstarter! New video today ass wipes ! Nat Geo: Into the DM Guys we got another tweet stealer! Quick! Put him in Twitter jail ! The rumor spreaders I hired from Craigslist didn't show up to this party. Now I have to tell everyone I have a huge dick myself. Fuck this. The hardest part about toasting a bagel is realizing your dad is never coming back. U can steal my tweets but u can't go vegan? Smh.our generation is fucked. wow this optical illusion is CRAZY. I've been staring at this for 3 years.do u see it?! LOL im goin CRAZY!! WTF! That's great Lisa but what are you doing about global warming? bro I know I texted you 14 times but are we fucking going cosmic bowling or not? Her: I want a man who cares about the environment Me: Triggered! Body Posi! Demisexuality! .By your powers combined, I am Captain Social Justice! U gay if u use stairs. smh u gone let another man stare at your ass? Even if u go backwards he see ya dick. RT if u not usin stairs smh That guy isn't that funny ** that guy gets 1 million followers u funny as hell . Pls RT me fam I'm a big fan pls RT Do parents in Africa tell their kids, You know, there are kids in America who think we don't have food. So finish up that steak. The easiest way to stop someone from talking to you again is to be outwardly depressed. I'm creepy on purpose so people don't talk to me as much. Just seen a dude slangin bird houses out his el Camino. Should I buy one? . ay , y'all got temporary nipple piercings? I want to spice up my avi but I don't want it to be permanent, you know? Lol Almost 100% of the time I tell someone hey, they say it's never too late start . it is definitely too late for that person. dudes with instrument tattoos always into Jesus and self help shit have u heard of jacob satorius? yea didn't think so. hes a new rapper. super underground.. delete this whole shit this is what hell sounds like i should work out but it's just a lot easier to close my eyes and pretend i'm ripped when i masturbate im changing my pronouns to cuh/cuh people in LA think a Mexican food truck is an opportunity to practice their Spanish. travis: im breakin up with u ashlynn: we literally, just got to cancun. travis: ya no shit stupid. when we get back, its over. Word of the day Networking (verb) - publicly riding somebody's dick until they share your content then you stop talking to them. Just wanted to do everyone a favor and start a thread with my favorite tweet templates. Yours, for free! when a egg with no followers tries to come at you Today's Top Story: New study shows 83% of Gender Studies majors don't know what the fuck they're talking about in the real world. Breaking News: Philosophy majors are 100% broke as shit after college because nobody gets paid to think anymore. people in LA do yoga once and wana name their kids India when she a refugee and thicc as hell Ima fav ur tweets so fuckin hard. I look like 2000 years of race mixing. happy ain't no Mother's Day bih Moms and shit hey guys, my face got fat. i'll check back in a few weeks and let you know if it changes. lol dude hav u seen the funny video lol ya i did lol cool, remember that part you saw in it lol ya shit was funny lol ya lol lol ya boy autistic, fwm baby just copped 10 grams of ass. hmu u tryna match all whompt everything why we gotta die tho? What the FUCK?! ... does this include vape?! What am I supposed to do when I drive my Subaru ? * at twitter bill: millennials love memes . we can control memes with moments dan: make those air quotes again and you're fired. Tonight on 20/20: twitter ruined my life I wana do acid, man the fuck y'all doin my dik equipped wit side air bags someone photoshop me with roombas as shoes my tweets been ass. i got tweet block. stay with me folks. quitting comedy to start a company that produces battle rap dvd's. hit the dm's for starting rates. wow. good morning everyone u think cops make frag movies with their body cam footage? welcome to Xantastic sams! God damn it! who mixed xans in the excedrin again?! lean with boba If she got letters in her name she a thot my face 22 but my stomach 58. can't hold shit back. is it too late to hit the thot walk? how do bitches stay alive, they don't drink water and they don't know what to eat.smh what's up shit bags tonight on 20/20 Kanye and his Journey to becoming Delicious West And they say good guys don't exist. smh bernie didn't win because his memes had 25 paragraph essays about civil rights. memes looking like homework. kids not fucking with that. presidential campaigns in 2020 are going to feature meme generators on the campaign sites donald trump gona be the first president to win on memes, i dono even kno what im doin man the google car coming by around 1:37pm. put the titties out on google earth w/ my name so i know it's real bitch ! 11 can't wait for everyone to not do anything they said they were gona do when trump becomes president. new vid this week. here are some stills. let's watch this space show bitch Ima show u how smart I am. Y'all like sex? ** write 8 lines of code ya bro when I finish this app I think I'll pull down like 5 to 10 g's a month dude. a slip and slide with Bong water instead of regular water healthy diet update: I'm hungry every day all the time and my dick smells like kale please kill me And on the 3rd day Jesus rose and said any y\all mutha fuckas got a charger? what's up everyone, just heard the good word about 420. Is it too late to celebrate? Bio: Im 17 aka book mark me for next year when she wants wing stop but you just bought yeezys what's up guys. The porn shoot was awesome, thanks for checking in Hell ya Cameron. i fucking hate programming don't ever cum near me or my gender ever agin thank you. it's special to me. sometimes i feel like classics are only classics because there was no one else to compete with. whompt I got a million ideas, man Internet my neighbor has been watching transformers for the last 4 months. Life after 23: telling the same story 15 times because nobody knows what the fuck is going on with you anymore it's ya boy mr. Social media ** this tweet has been deleted Huh? U ugly as shit outside of twitter. hahah bro i put this exhaust on my civic because i need more power to haul all the bitches i pull lmao ! 11 dude wtf u said u weren't gona tweet about it. Hey guys here is a vine about my eye having AIDS. weepgang bro soul cycle is NOT gay as long as we're matching sorry bro good morning . bro...LMFAO. if u commit a crime u gay. how u gone allow urself to be identified as suspect?! smh. 1 pant leg of each true ** every HBO show: somebody put their titties out then somebody died billy paul is dead. what the fuck, man. when a dude posts too many pictures of his girlfriend on IG i just assume he cheated. start ur day w/ woke powder if kennedy got shot today, people would just try to figure out how to sell a t shirt and drive views to their kennedy edit vine account. breaking news: 59% of college students actually dumb as shit. if u like more than 3 of his tweets he beatin to your avi i just want to be a news anchor dad, what's so hard to understand about that? had to do some shit with this hiv eye Half you tweet about owning lambos with a credit score of 0. millennials wana kill themselves because their parents lost their house and they thought they were just gona become a famous dj at 21 This man speakin to you young stupid motha Fuckas right now ! i gotta smash with the timbs on because i tell bitches i'm 510. just add water. dude, call up some girls No need bro. Travis, Derek and Brogan are identifying as bitches tonight HELL yeah bro jobs all around! just setting up my health benefits, u kno. if u go to the dentist u gay. smh. how u gone let another man inspect your mouth? you can have my vine account. Breaking News: Dragon Ball Z adds NoDan to character list for season 42069 My eye got the HIV it's only a matter of time What's good Twitter yung adult braces Brita filter for lean Lmfao. This got me. you think Jesus had sex and told them to leave that part out? coppin a new smile tomorrow when she call you saying she's pregnant Verify me fam blood vessel popped in my eye. it's been a good run y'all. Probably dying of aids. bitch you understand what future is saying stop acting like you're not in community college Noah's no homo this bagel low key bust in my mouth with cream cheese bagels Noah's meth bagels crying as you get older you realize dreams are not a window into the future and just a place where you nut on accident. wow HEY GUYS I MADE A VINE LOL OMG we tweeting about this or nah? yes I should have stayed working at Best Buy Real unemployed hours Just woke up. I assume this is what unemployment feels like. my connection w/ prince: had had a pc game in the late 90's called Prince interactive. this is like a 15 minute story but that game was wild tweets closed today. TL too flooded. damn prince is dead ay bitch I wrote this 16 for you. Listen to this shit real quick. just copped my new dab rig fam bro this bong was forged in the Middle Ages. people in LA: ya I hand made my bike out of organic moth penises If she drives a dirty Rav4 with a bunch of shit hanging from the rear view mirror she got a messy life I told you I'm straight edge!! Stop trying to give me drug!! hey LIBERALS y aren't u talking about THIS? this is the REAL gender inequality issue that nO 1 is talking about ! ! what's good Twitter lets talk about my dick !1 Don't worry they'll finish 15 years from now and then start repaving the 405. if you don't like constantly thinking about how much better you could be doing. don't move to LA i'm lurkin ya IG on a VPN baby !!11 hey guys what's up This man telling lies. I'm at the Icehouse this Thursday About to lose this 5k quick. just used my 401k to buy Molly. ** opens email TurboTax: hey big head RT if you're female and have a subtle mustache Kirkland weed coachella cereal we mining Bitcoin in the trap i would start a goof ass blog but nobody trying to read anymore. since vice everyone thinks everything needs a documentary. we know kids jackin off with oculus rift, we can just stop right there. if it's nfl blitz you can get these hands. no cheats, i will whoop that ass. motha fuckas do drugs then wana act like they got 1000 years of ancient knowledge. it ain't hard to drop acid and watch a movie bro everybody fake deep. everybody full of shit. everybody lost as fuck like you. just don't work at cvs longer than 6 months. we out here tweetin wit 401k's n benefits !!1 i was so hype to do this one. lol. bought that crib everyone thought I was having a baby. YOU THOUGHT Not to be all whatever but social media probably gave a lot of folks, who would otherwise be down, a cool outlet. I think that's coo Social media: the world wide Im more depressed than you contest! Many will enter! Few will win! Do you have what it takes?! can you out-tweet a 5th grader mood: good morning everyone. A bunch of people probably died somewhere but I ate breakfast so I'm feeling GREAT! in him we trust Damn Malik why'd you do that? Sun down nuts out LIVE on #Periscope Lmfao I look like a SUPER lesbian in that picture. I'm actually laughing 1 tweet a day keeps employers away ( ~ * no_h0m0_ * ~ )) here's a vine of me driving stick dude Sorry your mom died dude, but did you know I drive stick? Hey bill did you get my meeting invite to connect about getting Molly for the holiday party? Intervention Ep. 113: Best Buy manager David realizes he is a major asshole and no one actually likes him. new Avi, same dumb ass. holla every time You nut Jesus is right there goin, GOD DAMN my daddy wasn't lying when he said he put some nuts on that boy Whatcha doin buddy? SOME MORE SHIT POSTING ON VINE HELL YEAH We out here in cousin fuck, America fam ! 10 groups u triggered just by waking up. click to read more. Tumblr's terms and conditions: Don't be white, straight, or both. her: so wat r we doing this weekend me: dropping acid and reading facebook's terms and conditions Krav Make America Great Again. get you a man who can do bath salts . lol bitch why you smell so good? rt if your brain made a boner this morning. what's up everyone Just looking for some Comedy Bros! (no homo Lol) Pay me to block you fam one more Has anyone face swapped their titty and their face? KFC Chicken Bucket Challenge Todays To-Do List: Wake up Eat Breakfast Ice Bucket Challenge Back to bed RT if u have a crush on me Fuck you Mike! I hate you! Madame, id never do you like this if given the honor. If anything, Ill be the one i A billion dollars sounds amazing right now My brain is full of ideas 2019 item nerf list: Cargo Shorts Juuls Timberland Boots Soundcloud YouTube Fortnite Bitcoin ASMR Red 2019, pooping will receive a nerf. Twitter - verify. Chop chop. Ellen - chop chop. Yall know the drill. Cargo Shorts are overpowered. Nerf coming next system update in 2019. 2018 cargo shorts are illegal If shes seen incredibles 2 shes cheating sorry Incredbiles 2 is rated R Pretentious Pseudo Intellectual Vocabulary Starter Kit: Amicable Intrinsically Plethora Pragmatic Recursive Inherent Sardonic Hey guys! Wanna sound smart? Just sprinkle the word intrinsically into your conversations a lot! Very good word. Nice! I may as well be real with you guys Im fuckin hungy tbh Eff You Sea Kay If someone tells you something you dont care about you can always hit them with a cool story bro trust me IHOP should change their name To Fucky Fuck Mom: Wyd today honey Me: Can Frankie Muniz just shuut thhe fuucck upp already jeez You think kids these days wanna grow up to be public figures Trying my hand at some poetry heres somethin I wrote just now called: June Trees, greener The sun is hot Su Girls named Lexi actually dont exist outside of the 8th grade Debo: get on Xbox Me: Was an honor meeting you! Haters and Normies can suck My fat cock Honestly same good luck! Real question do fish have to drink Yeah! You only want to kill yourself because you dont sleep 8 hours a night Very VERY random! Interesting night ahead of you if I do say so myself. Alright Ill say it. Im fuckin hungry. Super Mario Sunshine2 Battle Royale Who said guys with huge dongers and amazing personalities cant post on twitter When you invite your friends over for dinner who you know share different opinions *Someone about to tell me something* Me, before they say anything: I hereby declare war on twitter Do you guys pronounce it Colorado or Colorado When they dont understand your office quotes All Im have left to say to you guys :/ piece Someone: opinion Me: Am I the only one wh I got the gas And the coke I dont sell molly No more Me: sends text Them, before they reply: We should put Debo in jail Debo quit retweeting my old tweets no one cares I aint a fly but Im on some shit Youre so fucking cute! If you read this in your head, youre into me now. Hit the DMs I always have people telling me I look like Aaron Carter lol. I dont see it. like I probably get told I look l I have to act out to get Debos attention okay there I said it $10 hot dogs vs $1000 hot dogs Hmm... the $1000 tastes better who wouldve thought but I probably wont be spendin $10 __ vs $1000 __ videos in a nutshell The $1000 version is better but not $990 better the end Yes the rumors are true. and i are getting an apartment together. Content is on the way Having a gender reveal party is strange but even more so if the kids you already have are there. *Balloon pops reve Okay. where are the cameras lol. like I know Im being punkd rn. 3 likes on a tweet? Yall fr? Nah. okay where the cameras at Where are multiplication people from yer is the ultimate trying to fit in phrase of all time Shut up chocolate rain Okay.. quote this with what wed be doing if you were here rn. Squid from rocket power - Boo!! Twister from rocket power - AWWW YEAH! Remember the Kardashians? Remember net neutrality? Remember bitcoin? Hehe hewwo evewyone!! :3 Remember that time Debo said apprectate instead of appreciate when he was trying to be all cool and clown me We should just put all the terrorists in jail We should put corny people in jail This show is for normies who need to get the fuck off my internet Yo wtf whyd you send me this? If youre ugly you go to hell when you die. Sorry uggos Okay. quote this with your unpopular anime opinions. Hey - normal Heyy - Im interested Hey - I really like you Hewwo - I want to fuck you People have died taking the Monkey Monkey challenge. dont take it. Youre not as strong as you think. Please. I Pic of last nights dinner i whipped up. Kiss the cook We should put ugly people in jail DO NOT WATCH THIS VIDEO DO NOT TAKE THE MONKEY MONKEY CHALLENGE PLEASE When youre tired Just created a new viral internet challenge: The Monkey Monkey Challenge Like this tweet if youll be taking it Hewwo. Someone PWEASE turn off da wights fank you!! I want to go bed time now!! I just passed out and woke up to this in my camera roll. Im shaking. Dont like Amy Schumer? Congrats, you just made the sexist club. Im also going to assume youre white and a man so RT til we find their @ !! The boy who got Harambe killed where is he now? Feel free to use this as a video idea Retweet or get the fuck out simple as that. *Sis going off* Me: thats tea retweet this thank you!! *Harambe dragging a kid a round like an absolute fucking maniac* Holy fucking shit! someone shoot that gorilla m... this tea could use some milk. but go off Harambe Harambe vs Yodel Kid Mm what I wouldnt give for a tide pod right now sup Harambe Brock Hampton - nice guy. Got some cool tunes also When I was little, I used to want to look like Drake Bell. Now I REALLY want to look like Drake Bell! Sponge bob is no longer in Brock Hampton. m Weasel hungy Debo really tried to convince me today that he had never heard of despacito Happy people are mentally ill Any and all further actions and announcements regarding anime stoner gang will be handled by anime stoner gang Gene If you dont hate yourself for being white youre racist honestly Haters no mo Haters no mo Haters no mo Haters no mo If ants were our size they could lift a table Very hip and cool roast, Texas Roadhouse! Someone has fucked to despacito no doubt my mind Normies get the fuck off my internet And my ex at the beach still thinking bout me When I first told Harambe that I wanted to my name Jeff in vine 2, he hung up the phone. Now, Im 21 pears deep in LA. Ahh shoot I just lost the game Nyenyenye hey guys Mom caught me watching Umaru-chan again Swear theres a fortnite montage for every mood i'm straight bisexual gay on my way to despacito 3, u guys want anything Back at it again with the white privilege Harambe du pacito ah ah Harambe du cosita ah, AYE! This Dad recreated his daughters Instagram pics and the result is hilarious youre going to die in your sleep tonight no immunities sorry MyMovie40.mp4 Harry Potter in the Hogwarts tonight Every body just cast a spell Theres legit a Shamana Twitch tier 3 sub emote for every mood Swear theres a Cody Ko vine for every mood fr Theres a Chris Melberger vine for every mood I swear Who yall got Look, to anyone Ive ever hurt, I just wanted to be serious for a second and say: 1.) Im really truly sorry 2.) I love magic - Harry Potter Hey whats up guys just a normal tweet nothing to be suspicious of he- shrek dies. Exactly. Debo doesnt even live in Austin. Been tellin yall this. LADIES, imagine this: its 15 years from now. Your future husband is on his way to Chuck E. Cheese with your kids a Why dark Vader have a red sword Hope she sees this bro Yoo Sent from iPad Shorty lean on me flip phone on Gucci seats Shorty crying to me tear drops and 6 speeds Ted 2 Talks Bazingapacito Dame tu cositapacito Just watched like 6 Ted Talks lol yall still payin for college? My organs: can we have some water Me: idk can you My organs: Meanwhile when I went viral for making vines, bill gates offered me a billion dollars to stop stuntin so hard and I Is Debo up yet Im so bored My lassed too brain sells Me eating a TV dinner: m kinda not too bad but wish they gave u more Salisbury steak I would love to win the lottery u know Like could u guys imagine Anyway Whens Cody Ko 2 coming out When you put food in your bag to eat at the club later eating is my hobby 7 plays 116 downloads I want a hundred dollars Omw to despacito u guys want anythin Sometimes if you see a snake its bad cause it might want to stwangle you to deaf :{ but other times its still bad Ladies, what kinda man you want Uncle Grandpa is so funny lol what Its fuckin nice out. rip YKD Pokmon Crystal Play-through Super Anime Community College Online Smh Basketball is so much fun I just love it - Lebron James This tweet was a test. You all failed. Yo Kids meet an Ex-Viner Dude not cool. There's kids in Africa... *peter griffin voice* Nyehehehe Dudes unbelievably brave for this. Idec if you think its corny or whatever but this took guts. When you receive a text Lets get it started (ha) Lets it get it started in here Twitter Lunch Menu: Knuckle Sandwich Milk Etc #Summer2018 is about to be C-R-A-Z-Y Nice twy at huwt my feewings but not going to wowk Mario Brothers vs Property Brothers If you built like this hit the DMs Dont talk to me until Ive had my morning coffee productions presents: my last two brain cells 2 minutes after a mental breakdown When you pour yourself a bowl of cereal at 3:00 am And the Oscar goes to. my last two brain cells after finals week tagging you in this now since its going to go viral I hate that wood elf dobby he is so ugly and disgusting Hosting an energy meeting. Hit the DMs if interested. Only taking elite dragon energies. Doctor Pepper not a real doctor u heard it here first First off: I not going to bed Second off: I not baby Dude said he South Korean Lmfaoo stop making shit up!! you South Korean aight sure Im South American lmfaoo like thats a thing South Korea not bad like North Korea right Pee after sex haha thats weird but will definitely be sure to try that out if it ever happens (DMS Open) m candy My friend just said Dragonite is baby. It not baby. Stop sayin it baby . Dragonite not baby. Umm just sent me this If you go to TJ Maxx around closing time, you can hear the workers casting spells in the back White guys love saying bite the bullet When white people die they respawn in TJ Maxx Mario Kart was the original fortnite Seabass really went ssj 3 on this Boy: I have Girl: *commits suicide* Boy: *visits grave* to pee where the bathroom is at Girl: *comes back to You can hear this video without sound on Your mcm asks the waiter/waitress what a super salad is when asked if he wants a soup or salad Im tellin yall right now: YouTube2 bout to blast off and go to Mars. Im not sayin it again Doing some research for you all tonight Yes, I play fortnite. Yes, Im virgin. Yes, Im a loser. Any questions? The grinch is bad because he steals stuff Im writing a book. You can unfollow me but you cant get untrolled just grow up and accept the trolling White people love saying lets do lunch Beautiful day to troll you losers im really hungry just kidding trolled again just won the lottery just kidding trolled My tummy tuwnin and im feewin kinda homesick :{ just crashed my car just bought a new car Ive done nothing but play fortnite for months and I dont have a job or a girlfriend and I honestly couldnt tell you what Im doing wrong 1.( when people say emojis arent real 2.) thousand dollars Next fortnite update should have dinosaurs idk or something May the 4th wishlist: - Studio Beats by Dr Dre - Pokmon Go 2 - Memory Foam Pillow - One hundred $100 Dollar Braces off Mask off Popped off Fucked off What kind of candy are you guys eating haha Watch me get my braces off and switch up on yall peace *kanye west or Jaden Smith tweeting* We need to keep moving forward 7000 Dandelion likes 67 pavilion retweets WOW! After a few weeks of calm waters, this anonymous and VERY proud 4channer/fortniter has decided to make a spl Vegans think you need to kill a cow to make cheese Vegans think you need to kill leprechauns to get lucky charms Vegans think you need to kill cookie monsters to get cookies Vegans think you need to kill a cow to get its milk Writing a scary movie titled: The Scary Man Without a Name Who No One Has Seen or Heard Of Listen Im not here tuh tuh tuh tuh tuh tuh tuh tuh like you know what Im sayin Boy: I did your mom . Boy 2: *commits suicide* *boy visits grave* Boy: . a favor Omg I just got reminded of something Why a ducks quack doesnt echo Guys whats the deal with tomato paste Are you okay? Yeah But really youre not. Smh. the most common lie told. We live in a society I wanna do something fun hahahaah! Baby te quiero Just invented a new swear word: Mega-Fuck Anime Stoner Gang is against Bioterrorism! Hahahha I will be running in 2036. When you backed into a parking spot and now youre ready to leave Its not Kinda funny how ill tweet something and you guys will read it but not retweet it?? Lol?? Okay? Eating is life like eating is my hobby Im a weirdo Them: I wont ever hurt you Me: sounds fake but okay Them: *hurts me* Me: Paul_Rudd.gif Gotta get on that shrek 2 production Im tellin you shrek was a hot ass movie imagine a sequel Happy Birthday to :} Facts dont care about your fortnite victories - Ben Shapiro Ben Shapiro DESTROYS Tilted Towers *walks into the cafeteria they have in hell* Sup Harambe *harambe daps me up* Whats for lunch today *ha *harambes birthday party in hell* Me: Happy birthday Harambe *harambe starts dragging a little kid around like When u dwink a beer Ill say it once and Ive said it again Feel like no one cared about 4/20 this year! Anyone else? Idk just thinking about stuff Dudes who had this as their profile picture on Facebook back in the day all look like this nkw Girls who crunch ice hit my line Happy Birthday to Big Baby When you walk past a group of women wearing your new hollister hoodie Me: Kanye how many songs is your album Kanye: My dog is dying Legos was the original fortnite Really hope I no see no bugs today! What would u guys do if I was there rn. Like this photo if you think shes beautiful no matter what Setting the record for earliest May the 4th be with you tweet of 2018. Mark it down folks. Wednesday, 3:51 a.m. A Omg how good does a pack of gushers sound right now Pokmon going to bed. Night! Casey Neistat look funny without da glasses huh Squeeze If you run up on my friends I will squeeze! Really miss Debo today Like 30% sure I saw Vince Vaughn last night at B-Dubs . Probably wasnt him! Project Green Light by Ice on the Interstate (Band Im in) performed by (hes also in the band) Fol Watch this yodel kid in Walmart video go viral just watch Reminder! Anime Stoner Gang 2018 Dance Off(ASG2K18DO) has already started! DM submissions or just use the hashtag #ASG2K18DO Holy F*ck. RAISES the bar with this epic dance submission. ASG2K18DO is heating up! Waining weally hawd wight now. Worms come up fwom gwound get mushy on cement yucky back inside now. Exhausted from trying to dig a hole to China all day Anna May What does the fox say? MySpace Tom probably just chillin like whats up man wyd I like sponge bob cause he reminds me that anything is possible Never watching Harry Potter ever again cause Im afraid of magic and broomsticks That internet has been crazy lately its like whaat haha anyway Coachella - cool! So the internet tells me. Anyway, Ive just been like really just in a funk lately you know what Woke up Made breaky Went outside to play Saw bugs Went back inside I let my nuts hang, right? Boom. Just spent all my dads money on new Patagonia stuff so I can walk 3 miles on the guided trails in the state park closest to my house! What country are valedictorian people from Wants to pways in da woods but doesnt wants ya get attacked by a beaw! or get wosted in da woods Wanna play outside today but really dont want to see any bugs Just got 59 wins in a row (and counting) on fortnite with my Retail Bros! (SWAT Team Showed Up?) Get out my face and shut up! Im the god of the internet and everyone knows it they just hate it :/ sowwy haters Everything is fun If you look like this DM me Give soulja boy a reality show already Favorite swear word: SHUT UP!! I gotta close the window before I play fortnite cause Chuck E. Cheese dont know how to be quiet If she has her vsco in her bio shes cheating Protect Joan Cusack at all costs So. project go fucking viral hasnt been going as planned and honestly? I dont feel like Im to blame. so an Fortnite Party Location: Tilted Towers (my apartment) lol! Bring: Slurp Juice There will be: Pizz Cants reada the menu at tacos bell cause no speaky Italian You just disrespected a future us army twitch streamer Very scared of being sucked down the drain! Hasnt takesd a baff since I gots sucked down da dwain They should make YouTube2 Apprectate Anime Stoner Gang 2018 Dance Off (ASG2K18DO) has OFFICIALLY begun! Anime general sets the bar high with My boi stepping out this guy is crazy! Someone make it stop. Tic. Tock. Tic. Tock. I like spongebob cause it makes me smile and crack up The plan for tomorrow? Stick it to the man. Leaving the internet due to bullying and trolls. Sad game. If you cant take the savings get the fuck out of Walmart First thing you know you take your first hit of weed next thing you know youre burning in hell Is it racist to eat at Cracker Barrel Hey buddy, the joker called he wants Batman back okay cya Will one of you water my crops while Im napping Woke up Ated some Cereals mm Trolled haters on the Tea EL Harvested my crops Did 7 push ups Now back to sleepies Gotta be kidding me man Ah, Tis a fine day to troll some haters! Soo heres the run down: I tweet. You RETWEET. You find it FUNNY. Kinda thought weve been over this? Capeesh? When Harambe was shot he was probably like. YO! Proof that Debo is in fact Troll Master General. Only trolls hang out under bridges. Happy Trolling to you my frien People tell me Im just like the joker. Like Im just so twisted and messed up you know? Like Im so messed up bu Pet peeve list: I hate Is Pepsi okay? Sometimes its just like. no. Making hard boiled eggs is easy. So why does they call them hard boiled? Sometimes you have to learn the hard way. What does that mean? As opposed to the soft way? My motto is this: sometimes in life youre going to not have fun thats just the facts Any questions Harambe .. Died Why people always read their horse scopes what that even means? Hay is for horsies gwass much cheapew Funny Prank Substitute Teacher Attendance List: Miranda Wrights Al Kaholic Austin Powers Jeff Hugh Jboner Honestly? My biggest problem is that I care too much Just did so many taxes today. Might relax with shaving and doing push ups Dis mans poor wittle kitty got shotted in da head with a pellet gun by a big mean man :( For real -- I'm poor, bu Anime Stoner Gang offers you their protection Just watched Project X and got a contact high * * * * * *. * * *. * *. * * Fortnite 2 beta looks amazing Just got so excited for Halloween Something yodel kid 5 likes raed wollef srekcah, fi uoy nac daer siht, MD mafemllik@ rof rethruf snoitcurtsni 3 signs your child is a fortniter Quick little photo from the Fortnite Hacker Society (FHS) concert for awareness last night Quit talking junk about fortnite You just disrespected a future US Army 4channer Life is just one big boonk Gang Who do I contact to be in anonymous Eat, Sleep, Jalapeo On a Steek Troll Hack Laugh, repeat Fat nerds getting trolled on no regrets Guys I just won the lottery AND Im also pregnant ANd got in a car accident ! . Wait for it . Keep wait Whens Holes 2 coming out Starting a group of Elite Internet Trolls. If you think you qualify, DM my partner in this endeavor, aka Gandhi, creator of the universe, just moments after waking up: Dang I hope I dont get trolled today by an interne Gandhi wrote the Bible then peaced out this bitch Holy sh*t!! Dis hephelant is abouts to eated this cat! Debo probably missed me so much this weekend when I was gone Might take an L but at the same time might just epic win ciao Feeling blessed. Just got signed to Guinness World Records. Excited to make epic rap songs for you guys Lets cast spells with our magic - Hermione Stranger Magic - JK Rowling JK Rowlings books, The Harries Potters taughted kids use magic not do chores but use magic not so school work do t Harry Potter 2 would bang Am I the president of twitter Gonna be the first rapper to get signed to a food label Still waiting on my big break. What are you guys doing today Up late cause monsters Anytime I lose anything it isnt my fault They should make a show with magic guys and stuff like that When someone a year younger than me disrespects me Anyone else here eat when theyre hungry. Candy is good and terrorists are bad I doesnt like to think or say smart things When I grow up I wanna look like the guy from the trivago commercials Vine sensation reportedly NOT participating in vine 2. More on his later. Whens the 4chan vs Reddit football game Cant read the menus at Olive Garden cause no speaky Italian Weeding out the weak The plan for tonight? Go completely looney tunes We need a fortnite Disney princess Hmm Respecter Gadget G'day to you to mistew tempweton U mom has boner Me, on my way to Debos house Ah ah ah - Bobby Shmurda Youre all being lied to. Debo just had me in the discord call talking about how hes going to buy two tickets to t I not going to bed Who wants me to post a couple memes I made yesterday? Theyre real nice You just huwted my feewings - Dwake scrolling past this tweet will send you to hell sorry, i dont make the rules folks Cant log into my 4chan acc for some reason. hmm I cried at lunch cause I was so hungry that I started crying cause I was hungry I cried so much was so hungry then Y'all know the drill. Been really into The Smurfs lately Thinking bout doing movie reviews on my YouTube channel but settling for here for now. Review 1: Lord of the Rings They should make a Harry Potter 2 since the first movie did so well White people crack an egg in their ramen and think they can speak Japanese Cows pee out they utters Omg idubzz just fucking pwned some kid who will he roast next?!? Krusty Krabber - Cookies Chum Bucky - Homework, Chores, etc Any question Amber Rose - Bald, ugly any questions? Tribute Just ated so much gween eggs n hamm now, dwink some milk time Dunda Mifflin this is Pam - The Office (Best Quotes) Where we dropping boys - Michael Scotts, The Office Ghandi - ugly and old. Any questions? If you dont deserve my best you cant handle me at my worst The shoes fit - Ghandi No one knows whether or not the periodic table is real or not Ellen get on fortnite Nobody Puts Sweet Baby Weasel In Time-out* Lets get some BIG retweet action today! *Me walking into class late with the iced coffee from Starbucks that made me late* *Gif of like a model walking c You Miss 100% of the shots you dont take - Wayne Gretzky - Michael Scott - Elon Musk - Me Got expelled from recess for riding my bike too fast also Im awesome Does anyone wanna come over for dinner tonight? My moms making recess with a side of video games. What time is recess today When they gonna add robot pirate island to the fortnite map m ice cweam Yo... true What time camp rock come on tn SSDYLMITHOPIOLMBAMMIS Remember when North Korea blew up all the dinosaurs My grandma was euthanized Hey twitter, fucking suspend my Nuts in your mouth What would you guys do if we accidentally kissed First person to watch anime was probably like... yoo . heyy Why come I doesnt have a zillion dollars Did you guys get your pubes yet I didnt want to cry today... #FreeDebo Being mean is bad and hurtful Logan Paul - Absolute Maverick. Any questions? Didnt think so. Couple ground rules: 1.) No shoes, no shirt; no problem 2.) Eyes on your own paper 3.) Keep your hands to yourse I dont care if tell me go to bed time What if santa knew karate does you think hed stop bad guys Cant sleep, thinking about toys and backyard games and cartoons And Nobody to this day knows if the Titanic was even a real ship Herbivore means an animal that only eats pennies Kids meet ex-viners Didnt get much sleep last night; kept thinking about monsters Kevin Hart - Short. Any questions? So Im going to tweet something and youre all going to embarrass me by not liking it or retweeting it? Do you know Stayed up all night thinking about candy and games #FreeBillRatchet iPhone 4s Let the bodies hit the ?? This honestly meant so much to me We elves like to stick to the five main food groups: Bitcoin, Elon Musk, a hundred dollars, Juice, and Syrup! - The Elf, The Movie Stop trying to put me to bed I not going to bed Selling my Xbox so I can buy a Tesla Goddard was such a good boy tbh *nae naes randomly* We should blow up the sun - Jeff, the 21st president of Anime Club just moments after hitting the nae nae Whos the snake? Who tattled? *Elon Musk on the phone with Jeff* 21 How to get your first solo win on fortnite: - Drop somewhere far away - Play conservatively - Be on combat pro co Shawn Mendes probably fucking bodies kids on fortnite Wish I had a jillion dollars gn Anyway, while I was suspended I did some writing. Concept family guy episode. Think its off to a fire start Nobody put weasel in time out ever again Quit fucking telling weasel to go to bed theres no bedtime Weasel has no bedtime please stop Me and my cousins watched the movie iRobot at my great grandmas funeral and honestly that shit popped off I didnt want to be a marine until I heard that advertisement on SoundCloud now Im hooked Recruiting for secret nae nae club dm for details Why they gotta put paper on an ice cream cone Dont cry because its over, smile because were gonna roll through mcdonalds on the way home And the best part? You can do it all right here on the iPad This... THIS The Llama Lords of Science bout to bang off in 2018 just watch Cant sleep. Keep thinking about monsters and bad scary stuff. Whats The Olympics mean? :/ If Debo and I combined wed be Dweaso I cant believe today is happy birthday Why does Debo says bad things to me Bad tweet: List of things A hundred dollars Okay retweets and likes now thank you Couple ground rules: Be my best friend Dont say bad things to me Always say Im funny and cute Dont say h If I could go back in time Id: Kill hitler Invest in bitcoin See The Hangover in theaters (again) Invent Im not poor Im big boned Im Debos best friend Is it mean to hit the nae nae I dunno :/ Happy to announce that a board meeting consisting of all previous members will be held today to discuss the reemerg Dont say bad things to me ever again - N I dont care if call me bad names like stinky baby weasel Weasel has no bed time Weasels new bed time When you have big head and lightning come from it Pls no more hurtful joke about me :/ no more Wah, wah, wah wah, wah Why you trippin; I aint even do nothin Im on a roll tonight someone stop me *me getting off my flight in Austin Texas* Well hewwo Mr Texas, nice to meet you 58 70 Ben REALLY into boonk gang lately m cookie Juss Boonk ganged some cookie into my bewwy Now if I could only boonk gang some milky :{ Watching a movie!! Let you know if its good or not at some point later tonight. - N Ive been boonk ganging all day haha this is hilarious This dude boonk gang is crazy haha jeez yall seen his videos or what Stepping out If you could have a million dollars or a billion dollars which could you choose and why I want you all to stay safe out there today; its a doggy dog world. If anybody doesnt laugh at anything I say theyre out. Small circle. Life is only as good as your WiFi Id like to be on The Ellen Show idk what has to be done to make this happen but yeah if you guys could pull some strings I wont be tolerating any Snapchats I receive that are similar to this one. Im no baby. I can give you access to this image for half the price. Hit the DMS I want to win a prize I am livid Im just a notch in your bedpost but youre just a line in a song Dudes in 2005: Biggest Mood Gigantic mood Huge mood Valentines Day is here my dick is out Send to 5 friends or this will visit you tonight I do not like Green eggs and ham. I do not like them, Sam-I-am Kids who got banned forever on club penguin are in jail now Cool. Thought I wasnt going to cry today. Nice. Anybody wanna admit they gotta crush on me before I spend this Valentines Day cash on a fresh pair of Oakleys Who remembers this MOTHER FUCKER?!?!? How far can you throw a baseball - God, just moments after writing the Bible See how many eggs you can fit in one basket - Dr. Seuss Count your chickens before they hatch - Wayne Gretzky and Elon Musk If I could back in time Id totally invest in bitcoin When I was a preteen my nuts dropped tilted towers cause thats the kinda guy I am People really be hitting you up like: Hey Boss!! . Hay is for horses Grass is much cheaper Snapchat update vewwy bad!! no good!! its mean and huwtful!! Not using dis! Pwease change back now, fank you Who else remembers Esteban Dont click on any free Xbox 720 ads. trust me; theyre fake Im hungry, Im going to go eat some Cheerios - Elon Musk We stopped checking for monsters under our bed when we realized they were inside us - Elon Musk Goo a googy gahh Funny and epic things to call your substitute teacher: Mr. Balls Mr. Fart Dr. Loser Mrs. Poop Jeff Debo doesn't love me Dear Diary, Today, Debo ignored not one, not two, but yes, three of my FaceTime requests. I thought maybe Gonna need BIG retweet action today people Omw to Anime Headquarters When milk n cookie gone Enjoy milk and cookie Watch sponge bob Bwush my teeth n fwoss dem too Put on my jammy wammies Cwimb Big Mood VOTE YES PLEASE! PLEASE!! Should unban me from his house? Looking to hear more about this later ?? Goodnight Debo The eagles just might win this thing Its 2018, Im on fortnite. I text my friends, get on fortnite. They get on fortnite. We play a few rounds of squ You wont throw your hat in the air and start dancing Me: One way tickets to hell: - buying cliff bars - eating a cliff bar - hiking - Buying a one way ticket to hell - Sorry if I've been acting depressed lately, my Wii U exploded Gonna need big viral retweets thanks Did you want to, uh, add a pastry for a dollar? Me: Do not speak bad names to me :/ mean Big wocket go to space bwast off cowwect moon wocks for wesearch ~ Ewon Musk Tag a Hustler Youre not an adult until you fuck up a check at DSW Shoes Did that stupid raccoon see his dick the other day or what Im going to bed early tonight Me at 3:00 am: *something fucking random epic* 2 5 My future wife probably at TJ Maxx right now buying candles or something 9 Billion 800 Dillion Two words: Hotel for Dogs 2 Mood Ladies, imagine this: - Me - Average height - Kinda have abs and a gut somehow - ~$400 in the bank - No job - li Ive got this idea where I make a lot of money for not doin much hows that sound When Drake said, I feel good, sometimes I dont If I won the lottery I would buy: Skull Candy Headphones Fortnite Battle Pass Rune Platelegs New pair of oakl Okay. Im leaving my room idc what any of you say This is Weasels primary care taker; should the sweet darling Weasel be let out of his room? Ill be in my room until further notice. Basically, my plan is this: Not put in any work but be successful. I've seen Tarzan the movie like 8 times. Kinda pissed about that and not sure how it happened. Anyway Was tarzan real Goodnight Tarzan; I love you Goodnight Fidget Spinners What do people mean when they say the rich get Richard Im puttin PPS (Poop and Pee Society) on the map. Accepting applications. Our mission? Simple: Raise a hundred doll Why in college class does they not have recess Migos more like the three losers Taking the day off tomorrow to end my shit been real yall Aminal Cwackersth in my soup Monkey and wabbit woop da woop Big mood Debo sent me this swear to god wouldnt lie Metro Boomin want some milk and cookies Im a virgin Sad to announce the disbanding of ASG (Anime Stoner Gang) -- We've disbanded due to creative and professional diffe Lmfao we mustn't let the normies in our plan Amy Schumer type beat I really like your haircut If I was president: Debo would be in jail Id have: milk and cookie, a hundred dollars, a girlfriend (hot) Kithen Cabinet Top Shelf Box of cookie Dis folder is empty Doctor just checked my balls for autism and things arent looking good Obtuse wubber goose gween moose guava juice giant snake birfday cake warge fwies choccy shake Shark Tale Finding Nemo Nough Said Nobody talk to me, Im going to my room How comes at the doctor does they make it so you sit on big piece of paper? Couple ground rules to my page: 1.) No Swearing 2.) Retweet all my stuff 3.) You miss 100% of the shots you do Damn they did my boy Debo dirty. My little cousin just got this cool new outfit; what do you guys think of it? My boi isnt getting nearly enough retweets. Lets pump up these numbers ASAP. Choose your fighter Hit the DMs if yall look like this not a joke Quit making monsters inc pictures of us Im baby Me: Me hungy, me need milk and cookie Mom: no Me: Bop it! *keesh* Shout it! Jeff Shout it! 21 Shout it! Boy if you dont bop it! *keesh* pull it *woo* Shout it! Get out me cah If I had a billion dollars Id be rich can you imagine Bop it! *Shft* Shout it! Ahh! Twist it! *rrkr* Pull it! *Woo* Shout it! Pull it *woo* pull it *woo* bop it *keesh* bop it *keesh* pull it *woo* twist *rrkrk* bop it *keesh* twist it *rrkr Everybody say goodnight to bop it! Goodnight, bop it! Im really sorry and I didnt want to do this (lol) but. Im going to have to ask for more retweets than Ive How comes at the bank does they say you have no money to withdrawal :/ How comes at school does they make it boring? :/ How comes at the burglary does they steal ur stuff? :/ Fellas, what would you rather hear a woman youre interested in say? Poop and also pee Spent all of my weekly allowance on rio and rio2 so if anyones trying to watch come through Recruiting for ASG (Anime Stoner Gang) Send resumes via DM Rip Balls A hundred dollars Dont delete flappy bird Yeah,Ive had sex S E - a hundred dollars X Bout to fucking kill these thanksgiving leftovers Follow my sweet baby he is funnier than me You can practically smell his diaper from this picture Might just kick back and watch Rio tonight My friend Im baby So what Dont disrespect me or dislike any of my content or you will have to answer to me personally and also thats just m Me: hey Them: Need songs for my John playlist on Spotify. If yall gotta ask who John is, you aint with it Stayin up late doing the soulja boy challenge When someone mouthed the words elephant shoe but you thought they mouthed the words i love you When youre walking with your friends in the mall or something idk and well, you notice your shoe is untied so you Goodnight Duckling Its a John Mayer and Cry kinda day Just got pubg this map huge compared to fortnite. Where should I drop Goodnight shamana Tried to go viral all day - nothings working! think. think! Dear Diary, :/ - Nate When white guys die they respawn at guitar center Dont HMU today Im on a viral train and theres no stops until viral as fuck city imagine dragons Imagine if I was super hot and funny and tall and rich and viral hahaha could you imagine I'm trying to go viral today how bout you guys wyd Huge S/O to -- Dudes tryna go viral so. you know what to do My viral video senses are tingling Goodnight Alex Goodnight Debo Can they understand the baby on family guy When the professor hand out the test When youre at a restaurant and the waiter asks what you want to eat When you get funny message Just ate so much candy haha wow So fucking what lol Me: hey Dog owner: Well, thats what happens with two little ones at home haha, hair on everything! Oh and by lit What did santa bring you guys for New Years resolution so What was yalls New Years resolution? mine was 1080p haha okay anyway LOGAN PAUL WILL PAY 4 THIS! GrR! I need my bottle Logan Paul a doofus! 90 trillion fucking retweets 75 likes Hehe Wogan Paul a bad man! Vewwy Bad! No no no! Bad! Ladies! listen upin 2018 find yourself a man who looks at you the way looks at me when E.T. Ugly fucking alien bitch fat stupid Wow I feel like a loser now Two Truths, One Lie: Vote for the Lie Goodnight Xbox No thanks January anytime someone ask you any question whatsoever you gotta say, no thanks !! If a genie granted me 3 wished mine would be: 1.) a hundred dollars 2.) more a hundred dollars (lol I want more Few kinds of people in this world :/ Its Christmas dude wtf I think I just heard reindeer paws on the roof Step 1.) kill santy Step 2.) all the presents mine Step 3.) mm milk and cookies m Step 4.) pet the Santa fat stupid fucking loser Why is Debo being mean to me. It is almost Christmas and he is being mean and hurting me. Tinder acc: Name: Nate Age: twenty one (whats 9+10? hahaha anyway) and three quarters Height: 510 // 60 Giving homeless man 0.01 Bitcoin IN THE HOOD?!?! Someone make that happen. Just fucked up a check at the arcade haha this place is crazy What I want for Christmas from santy :) 1.) a million dollars 2.) halo 3 4.) an Xbox 360 5.) you didnt notice I One time I used tinder locally like back home for a week and I swiped right on everyone and didnt get even 1 match Me: Selling rune platelegs How much Me: This is my friend dan!! Quit fucking around and drop The Santa Clause 5 already How the grinch stole soda from McDonalds by gettin a water cup and fillin it up with coke then got yelled at so he Remember the time me Sham and Debo went fishing Dane Cook really funny check him out Rate beard game Please watch this I feel very passionately about this Can we stop fighting :/ Go Me and Debo team captains for cops and robbers. My team is robbers. Whose team you on If you look like this DM me If you main Kirby youre a fucking thot whos probably beat on Girls who main marth on melee have good pussy Cat is short for Catthew 9 billion fucking retweets and about 5 likes Top 10 iCarly cast members who invested in Litecoin See Fellas will make the naughty list one time and start investing in bitcoin Life would be so much easier if I wasnt so handsome and funny :/ Get on Xbox Snow White and the 21 Jeffs Lunch was so hard today I almost cried Top 10 times Blake Shelton wanted to say the N-Word on The Voice Bout to smash the rest of these triscuits and start the fucking day Girls with an iPhone 6s will break your heart Girls with dirty body mirrors will suck your balls from the back Girls are so hot Remember when this guy used to hit the whip before anyone else I sold my iPhone 4s to the devil in exchange for vine2 fame Dudes will solve a Rubiks Cube then invest in bitcoin Logic solves a Rubiks Cube... ON STAGE??!! Think of a number. Any number. Multiply it. Divide it. Your answer is 7. Me: hey Logic: did you know i can solve a Rubiks Cube ... Math was so hard today :/ 500 likes 189 Revines Harambe machine broke. LOL 5 retweets and I end my shit right now Top 10 Black Eyed Peas Members Go hard as fuck and die. Thats it. Twitter Naughty List: 1. 2. 4. 5. You just realized I skipped 3 6. Me: hey Person with Apple air pods: they honestly fit so well in your ear and youd like think youd lose them bu big dick You just read that right It says big dick Anyway This is the nicest thing anyone has ever said to me Im the person John Mayer is singing about in his songs. Sorry. John Mayer wants to be me so bad Bitcoin what are those things even made out of!?!!? So what do yall wanna be when you grow up Did the stupid turkey see its shadow today or what. Lemme know, - N Debo has a lot of potential Omg I dont make sense I make cookies :) Goodbye. Test. A muthafucka tryna get a 2 hour delay What am I always doing wrong Havent walked my puffles in a minute Me and my homie went fishing and the only thing we caught was feelings :/ *Hibachi Grill Guy does the Egg crack thing* Me: :3 Ex Vine Sensation, Dan Curtin, has joined the akatsuki. Hes an S-Rank rogue ninja and shouldnt be approached care 1! Nothing wrong with me 2! Nothing wrong with me 3! Nothing wrong with me 4! Nothing wrong with me 5! Nothing wro How much you get paid for this one? What the bet is up my dead ass finna millennials Jeff Dunham - Funny dude. Check him out. Millennials Man. what DO we understand Test image ignore iPod found. More on this later. Nate Not doing shit til I get it back. Ball is in all of your courts. Huge Hefner died today. He was very big. So he died. :/ Wheres my iPod You guys think if Aristotle was alive today hed be a vlogger If youre having a bad day and need some motivation, peep the story. Might just chill and listen to some Norah Jones tn idk tho Trust Hate to break it to you guys but vine is dead I just want to curl up in bed and have Debo protect me for the rest of my life. Thats all Ive ever wanted. Nate Just want you to know. You guys think if Picasso would've dropped merch people would've fucked with it? You guys think Shakespeare ever dropped merch Spongebob always be like Im ready Im ready Bro. ready for fucking what? LOL Anyway, math was really hard today I feel like crying. I think I might really be a jake pauler Awesome team names for your highschool midterm jeopardy review session: * The Wolf Pack * Griffindor * Gold Team * Team 2 Big Bird is fucking huge holy shit I'm so sick and tired of mighty beanz getting a bad rep. Shut the fuck up already. They're fun, you just don't know how to play with them. Dis is a stick up! :) Put all your wove and affection in da bag pwease :3 I died, went to hell, shook hands with air bud, was resurrected by Maggie and the ferocious beast, now I'm immortal. Crazy Frog doesn't give a fucking shit You either die a young person or live long enough to see yourself die as an old person I done glo'd up since I been expelled from home school Damn Daniel, Charlie bit my Unicorn Gangnam Style Ladies, if he has a cell phone he's cheating Sonic is so fucking fast holy shit Wtf Research! #FeelingScholarly Charlie bit my unicorn Busy working on new stuff for you guys Wow can't believe twitter gave me 280 ch- Da kids from Charlie bit my finger prob have a dope life. People prob like arent u Charlie from Charlie bit my finger and they like yeah Sorry if it seems like I've been different lately, Charlie bit my finger Y'all seen this? good show U guys seen this hahaha anyway Hey Keke Palmer what you up to Ain't dotard the dog from jimmy neutron? P U R G E T w i t t e r P u r g e S a y a n y t h a n g S a y c o c k I ate like 50 Altoids today holy shit! Hey Siri F u c k Y o u Hey Siri, fuck you! Anyway what's up how you guys doin. Yeah, I've been just like busy I guess idk lol nothing too exciting. o but, I *tosses crumpled paper at trash can* Kobe *misses* That's why I don't play basketball Anyway while y\all here can you check out my This dude won't leave me alone idk what to do I've blocked 8 of his accounts so far Me on a bad day Where's Brian I've made a list of the best things ever: Paintball Guns Airsoft Guns Fireworks Xbox 360 Pizza Mt. Dew Not Chores Ninja Turtles Family Guy Damn This jake Paul Gucci track bout to be Heat Kids who drink Sunny D have been to jail Kids who can say the alphabet backwards can cast spells Fuck you? Oh hey Pokmon Go, what's up man It's yo first day in Hell, who you gon link up with first? First person imma say hi to when I get to hell on my first day gotta be the ninja turtles love those things Yo what the fuck this dude on When you're at the movie theatre and the movie ends When someone finish their PowerPoint presentation When you cannot connect to App Store *siri voice* bazinga Who gon win? More things white people love: Joann Fabrics Mighty Beans Chores Bath and Body Works Olive Garden --More to come-- What the shit you lookin at bruh keep scrollin *Siri Voice* Hey guys :) When she have an attitude then you take her to get food Things White People Love: Hibachi Grills Hulu Vine Compilations More on this later! Thanks Hey Siri, can I have a dollar? :) 2018 Predictions: Clash of Clans Movie More to come later! Remember that time Kevin Hart was short #FindDebo Open for a surprise I got minecraft 3 on blu ray hmu before this gets taken down The Krabby Patty Formula 1 car Tarzan vs. Superman vs. The Grinch vs. Garfield Don't you wish you could feed dogs cookies :) like feed them cookies dogs are so cute sometimes you wanna feed them cookies! Would you rather have a $5,000 iTunes card that you can't sell, or $10 cash Shit if we're gonna be replacing statues I got an idea: Pokmon Go to the Bathroom CodyKo_Final Damn who's gonna win this thing: Floyd or Mayweather? Ready 4 the eclipse! Quick! Save this image before twitter deletes it! Someone tell those guys over at YouTube guys to pump up the number of gold digger pranks ASAP! I was so ahead of my time Watching Family Guy wby You will be visited by this man tonight. I'm so fucking sorry. Anyone who saw the latest episode of ridiculousness care to fill me in? Thanks! UncleGrandpa420 Uncle Grandpa Season 3 Illegal Torrent I before E except after Reeeee Sorry I haven't been so active I've been saving up for a PSP The good, the bad, and the boujee My first drink as a 21 year old! Da fuck? I thought it was PEMDAS Give me one reason not to end it all right now Good evening Santa, I love you Morning hustlers Happy 4th of July Weekly Chris :) So who do you thinks gonna win, Chris Brown or Soulja Boy? I'm really sorry I can't make it into work today sir but I have scabs :/ Hit the poopoo store with the peepee on Do you watch Rick and Morty? Yes, it was me all along. 2017 war on normies There are people out there that actually believe turkeys exist Hehe, thanks for the correction :) Hol up Y'all like Krabby Patties don't you? Ya fireflies funny hehe At the end of spongebob you find out Patrick was dead the whole time iPhone 4 cases Y'all know ben dover? That's my uncle ?? Me, explaining how to jailbreak an iPhone 4s Get you a girl who cooks leftovers I used to post fire. Fuck Me. I'm tryna get back on my bullshit. Top Ten Most Ripped Runescape Players Who Unexpectedly Passed Away This 7 year old just became the richest kid in the world by winning $85 in a Charity Raffle The Floor is Respecting Women Me: The floor is poopoo peepee Me: Yeah, I ride scooters. :) S - Suck C O O T E R S - My fuckin dick. I think it's crazy that some people actually believe in bees Hehe trump misspelled something :) hehehe Yeah, haha, video games are cool! Now that I've lost your parents attention, I got Bugs Life 2 on DVD for $70 hit my dms. Parents and the Feds are sleeping so. I GOT SPY KIDS 6 ON DVD $150 HMU FIRST COME FIRST SERVE I got that fucking hotel for dogs 3 hook up lemme know if interested Yo I got that Cars 4 exclusive download link dm me if interested Did it hurt babe did what hurt When you fell from Jo-Ann Fabrics Fun things are fun :) Remember when Riki Tiki Tavi doxed the IRS Blah blah fidget spinner blah romper blah irony Once I get this fuckin vine money we're all eatin fuckin good. Retweet this with your iPod touch 5 Ladies and Gentleman, my masterpiece. Secret research again, no telling on me Fun Fact: There's over 11 different kinds of species in this planet we call earth. Feel old? Saturday Night Live should do more uh political sketches they're funny hehehehe :) Family Guy funny moments I am Zezimas cousin. I stay gettin that vine money You. Are. Not. From. Pittsburgh. If. You've. Never. Ate. This. I just got off the phone with Photoshop, you're all getting Doxed. Working on a secret research project. Here's a sneak peak! I just pulled out the Draco on the IRS. Of course, this was after I doxed them. Sorry kid, shoulda got an iPhone. Bae: Hahaha :) Me: Hehehe :) I just doxed the IRS When art hoes die they go to Michaels Anyone read the latest Garfield comic? Trying to find out what happened in the latest Garfield #OOTD I wish I didn't have to do this but I have no other options. This will visit you tonight :/ I'm sorry No sorry I can't hang out I'm playing temple run Bagel Bites, Engage. 8 year old plays crazy train -audience stunned Another hot batch of screen names for you to use: TheEpicBeast EpicPizzaFail 88SickBeast9 EpicAngryBurdz Everyday_Im_shu EpicGangnamStyle What's that birds app Happy Epic Pizza Day :) Movie recommendation: it's fucking good My friend Andy and. BANANAS?!? This guy is CRAZY! what won't he do? I'm starting ice crunchers anonymous Don't let the fear of Epic Failing prevent you from Epic Winning Grumpy cat was such an epic fail am I right guys Trucks are big and cool :) . dirt bikes This will visit you in your sleep tonight. Sorry Friend: Come over Me: I can't you live in a Volcano Friend: Ratatouille on Blu-ray Me: Them: Come over. Me: I cant. It's snowing and I only have a bike. Them: My Name Jeff. Me: Logan Paul best vines compilation What 9+10 My name Jeff? Yeah, he's a good guy Hi :) Got 3 of these now!! who wanna trade The Last Supper Anyone who caught the new Smosh video mind filling me in? Wow Steveo another boob trick shot video. :) nice Listenin to some OG Fuckin Slappers This is the view you get when you grind Free Earl :/ Goog srch: boo I hate studying :/ RT to bless someone's timeline Find his @ Hello myspace how are you Favorite metal band? When you really want people to know you're not a virgin Retweet this with your LG Chocolate Good morning to anime :) Babe. you're not wearing your choker. is everything alright? New Ink! :) Damn life do really be like a box of chocolates The internets crazy fun I could spend an hour on that thing If you put grapes or cranberries in chicken salad you're going to hell :/ sorry If you make tiramisu you actually turn into a white person You're at hot topic trying to buy an adventure time shirt and this guy snaps your choker off your neck - wyd? Who'd win ever have one of those days where you just wanna be like f*ck off :/ Retweet this with your iPhone 4s This is hard for me to ask but... am I a thot? *grown ass man places a simple bath bomb into a hot bath* Woah! Look it's foaming! Wow haha! That's crazy! I'll take $1,000 please. Good morning to goth kids only When you let her wear your clothes Fine here's my screen name since everyone wanted it: EpicFail_EpicWin360 Help some thief stole my scooter and is riding away on it!! Hobbies? Heh, got a bunch of em. Saying the pledge of allegiance out loud. Highlighters Gel pens Chipped ham sammys Oh and rocks If you all do nothing else today, please remember to like comment and subscribe :/ When white people die they go to Costco New selfie might delete soon You stupid No I not Hahahaha remember? This girl in my 11:30 just told the class she is a half vegetarian :) wow :) thanks :) Fuck you ashley tisdale If your name is Cory, Zack, Mitchell, Logan, Dustin or Brandon I'd be willing to bet you play the video game displays in target He's just winging it! - Good movie Sorry to disappoint but this is now a slime squish account Professor: We're having a pop quiz. Me: wow seriously I didn't know about this Who agrees Wow really? A pop quiz? I didn't even know we were having one like?? :-) What would you rather have: $3 cash OR a non-sellable $25 iTunes gift card? What do goth people turn into when they're like 25 Ladies you only have $5 to build the perfect man, wyd: Smart $5,000 Funny $70 Athletic $150 Looks like waluigi $2 Acts like waluigi $3 R.I.P. Train Rocket Johnson If you guys are having a bad day, just look at this image and remember it gets better. I could probably beat Ashley Tisdale the fuck up Friends: Wanna come over? Me: Can't Friends: Why what are you doing? Me: No homo we smokin 1000 degree knives out here double tap to change the color 1000 degree knife vs Cody Ko Unfollow DickSauce 2017 #wantstopissalloverme Things white people love: Hibachi Grills Yoo. this bike seat thic 1000 degree knife vs Chores Kids named Zach thought gainers were called gators Where is the port of rico? :/ Tatto Look it's the dolly llama Rest In Peace Joann Fabrics, you were such a wonderful lady. Santa came early this year Who gon win left or right fav right rt left You thought finals were over but here's your last one: Which one of these the real Ratatouille? Lord of the rings remake with Kanye and Trump as Frodo and Sam Parents just don't get it - let's ride If you run up on my friends I will squeeze Would you rather be named colt or be dead How do you even spell hippopotamus like no one even knows Ex viners anonymous You have to be hood rich to make a tombstone pizza I did your mom A favor By making you A sandwich RT or you'll die in your sleep Cheerios with a hard R Don't push me Hm... yeah I guess I could put some respek on that LIVE on #Periscope: Eating Chicken Nuggets with a ski Mask on Good evening to austin mahone :) Wait I know why it's called a pork of pine now it's cause it looks like a pig rolled in pine needles One time at school the cheerleaders surrounded me and called me a fuck nozzle. That evening I went home a rode my scooter to autism hell. Is a quesadilla the animal with the shell on its back Ladies, wanna find out if your man care about you? Next time he eatin fruit snacks ask if you can have some. If he give you grape you a thot Haha okay maybe like the pilot writes 'send nudes in the sky no one expecting that!! () Best Christmas movie?? Would you tell Picasso to sell one of his vapes? *cliff bar falls out of my pocket* Uhh I can explain You gonna finish that cliff bar? - Nobody Good morning to only Austin Mahone Uh I like my dad :) is that cool What you see vs what she sees This is your last warning Rob Dyrdek has passed away *Weesnaws* I'm thickashell challenged :/ When you can't drink milk cause you're lab coat biologist get it cause the phrase is misheard? Real one is lactose intolerant. On this day 50 years ago Squanto gave the Pilgrims a roasted turkey That's a raven I can see the future now That's a raven It's a mystery!! Retweet if remember that's a raven theme song What country are pythagorean people from? Fruit at the bottom of my heart Imma boss ass bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch Imma boss ass bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch *air horn* I hereby declare war on the cast and crew of Bad Santa 2. You haven't heard the last of me. I've never seen star wars but I know enough to say that Yoda looks weird in this picture. Something about him is of I'm in a good mood today so you were all spared from having to view this tweet. You're welcome. Getting real sick of mother fuckers talking shit on ratatouille. Fuck off. He's just a rat. Let's see you try to cook as a rat. Crazy to think 99% of the earth is water Did we need a bad Santa 2? Like, did we need it though? Did we? If you've ever raised your hand to answer a question in class you're a thot sorry The Simpsons predicted ratatouille Voice inside my Vine was actually kinda good cause it kept everyones shitty content on there and off Instagram and twitter When someone says Oh wow that's crazy you basically just told a shit ass story The fountain fathers of this nation are turning in their Graves amirite Please stop doing the mannequin challenge I have a cousin who's mannequin challenged and it's seriously so offensive. I refuse to live another second in this country if the amount of Lamborghini gold digger prank videos don't go up. I can't believe dr. Poop won :/ Love this movie What's up my fellow hashtags White boy raps fast - school speechless Girl with voice twice her age will bring you to tears! Homeless man unique talent - heartbreaking! Ratatouille was an inside jo Guys! Twitter blanks out your password if you type it backwards! Try it for yourself. Here's mine: worromotflesymllikotgniogmi 4 pills which one you takin History in the making Friends: Wyd Me: Nothing Vine do the right thing and give ray sipe a spotlight before you shut down I was diagnosed with infinite boner You guys wanna get together tonight and dead Ass The other day I was dead assing this girl it was low key my bruh *dead asses* *insecurity vanishes* Jack Russell Sparrow Me on October 31st vs me on November 1st The new Young Lil album is soo good Y'all heard the new lil stupid album? Shits insane I've been doing research for a video i'm making here's a sneak peek When you open a bottled drink and the little plastic ring seal at the top kinda stays attached to the cap a little Me at 11:30 p.m. Oh Im so tired Me at 3:00 a.m. My name JefF Have you guys heard the new lil stupid album? So good This is what a 2 week old fetus looks like. Still support abortion? Boutta get fucked up Ratatouille killed my fucking parents I can't believe twitter is shutting down Gamestop. Halloween costume Lmk what you think I'm going as a nucleus for halloween Double tap to see the magic!! LIVE on #Periscope: Poyo Spirit - Nevermind Nother #DIY mask. Lmk what you guys think (: New mask (: #Halloween New season of orange is the new black looks good Which power ranger is strongest Guys. I'm super cited right now. I thought TPing a house meant the toilet paper made a teepee shape over the house. But it literally means toilet papering. Kms tonight :/ Mom says i can't say p**p cause it's a b*d word Haters Umm F*ck Off LIVE on #Periscope: going live 2 in the Cytoplasm 1 in the Nucleus Umm Haters? Shut the shit up Grab her by the osmosis Grab her by the nucleus 10 pictures taken right before disaster struck Chris Cringle and the Kraft Single Chris Cringle and the Salty Pringle I want to be king of the Sausage penitentiary do you think this is the real brad pitt? Is there anyone named Harley or Hunter that doesn't live in a trailer? That wasn't very ironic of you bruh Thinkin bout what the fox says :/ I changed no to fart rocket in my mom's phone and this is the result! Me no likey :) Ken Bone is the new Harambe and he was already on ellen y'all can stfu whenever Man girls love Grace Anatomy am I right :/ Rt to send my ass to the shadow realm I'm tryna fuckin die I love saying that something tastes like poop because that implies that you've ate poop before. When you put on your shoes on :/ What kind of animal is Yoda is he a frog or like a turtle lmk please If you say: Head ass Fuck that noise Or Took an L You are a slime ball and I must not associate myself with slime balls. I sure hope that weasel sees his reflection today Bitch in my class just said table of context. What the fuck is the table of context. you thinking contents gtfo my university you slime ball Charlie Donger and the Sausage Factory Damn this blew tf up It's peanut butter... JELLY TIME Kony is on the loose. Asking for nudes guide!! My name Jeff (: I'm retarded starter pack Hahaha Can you really call yourself a shitty middle aged comedian if you haven't done an awful romantic comedy with Jennifer Aniston LIVE on #Periscope: We're scared Question for people who have otter boxes on their iPhone 4: Why? I tot I taw a putty tat Get out me car haha remember Damn s'true One time I walked in on my dog playing diddy kong racing 64 One time I walked in on my dog whispering demonic things to my mom in her sleep Can I get a name for the order? Nate. Okay Matt, it'll be right out Thanks, poop face. Wow those oakleys are awesome man good call on those oakleys. I wish I owned a pair of Oakley sunglasses but sadly I don't. :/ Nice flat bill do you work at lids Nice khakis how much of a discount do you get at target Nice purple hair how much of a discount do you get at zumiez Somebody wake up the black eyed peas cause it's gettin started in here How is pepe pronounced Lord beer me strength Do you guys like smart phone apps? Perhaps angry birds The ninja turtles should be your motivation to do anything. If the fucking ninja turtles can be popular you can do anything. Kowabunga. Kowabunga dudes! I'm just busy eatin a pizza slice! Lmfao, master splinter is old and a rat, huh? ~ The ninja turtles Picture the movie National Treasure but Ninja Turtles instead Raven Symone has passed away The lebron james kid passed away today Have you guys met Jerry Atric? Nice guy. **I move away from the mic to vape Do you guys know the unsettling tale of Headphone Jack DJ Starbucks Gift Card Guys. Twitter is trying to get this taken down. Please spread awareness Nice cargo shorts how's the 8th grade coming along Triscuits are so bad they're amazing Fun halloween game your friends will love: every time you see a jeep of any kind yell Jeepers!! In a scared voice as loud as you can Twitter is trying to get this picture taken down! I will NOT trade this card so don't ask me losers Adam Sandler has passed away New photo! Wonder what konys doin Wow Austin, thanks for breaking my Xbox controller - Probably most people not named austin at some point in time Kids named austin are almost guaranteed to break your xbox controllers. Krusty Crustaceans rip snortin vacation Remember squidward from spongebob? Well, this is him now. Feel old yet? Twitter is trying it's best to get this image taken down! Please spread it! Decode your girlfriend/boyfriends texts! UB: Ultra Boner BT: Boner Thrasher BR: Boner Rampage SIHS: Sure, I'll have sex LFN: Let's fuck now Twitter wants this taken down. RT to show them we cannot be stopped LIVE on #Periscope: cheetos chicken fries review wtf Lmk Sorry I couldn't quite catch what you said, my Grande Iced Caramel Macchiato with Extra Caramel was making too much noise. New pic Who's the strongest ninja turtle Do the ninja turtles know karate or do they just use like turtle magic Lmk Mr. Krabs net worth I'm an over achiever So how bout I start a team of leaders And pick up E.T. to be the wide receiver This is the ideal male body type. You may not like it, but this is what peak performance looks like. What you doing at weenie hut generals on a Thursday Ratatouille deleted scene What's the best part about Party Mix? The party or the mix? Nardwuar vs Rich Chigga Bonzo goes to LA and goes out for a grande iced caramel macchiato Who would win in a Cage Match I wonder how much those instagram accounts get paid to play with putty Remember the scene in ratatouille where he nuts in the stew I'm sort of like John Krasinski if he was never on the office and wasn't that attractive You can't get rid of the Babadook I want ray sipe to pass away Sasuke vs Chores Follow Andy Candy, he can't escape now Andrew just told me fucking DOODLE BOB from spongebob used to scare him. What the FUCK Andrew just told me he had a bad dream and went on to say it was bad because he lost his phone case in the dream. Somebody roast this man. Hi I'm Nate and I suffer from premature pumpkin spicing :/ LIVE on #Periscope: AMA Ballin real hard real real real hard Every kid named Tristan used to throw toys as a kid I would pay $500 to know what happened to kevjumba Parents, decode your kids texts with this guide: Lol - Living on Lemons Wyd - Wow, you're dumb Lhs - Let's have sex Ldd - Let's do drugs This image is cursed When your mom cooks dinn- Want free pokemon go coins? click the link in my bio!! If you spell weasel backwards it still spells skeletons If you're ever thinking about showing someone a YouTube video on your phone just don't Top 6 reasons why the bugatti Veyron isn't the best smart phone of 2017. You won't believe number 4 What cereal is a grandma most likely to have Cage Match Time: Who Gon Win What would you rather have Never settle for a pepsi, there's a Coke out there somewhere People who take vine super seriously are the same kids who took high school sports super seriously Yo who the fuck is this Ikea brand pikachu fuck off with this Bring gangnam style the fuck back 2016 Every high school had a kid who used to fix iPhone screens and do custom colors Krusty Crustaceans Christmas Vacation You used to call me on my ring tone Roses are red Violets are blue Is it Baracko Bama or Barack Obama? Asking for a friend It's a good thing your vine account is linked to your twitter otherwise I would have never known you had 3,432 loops across your 250 vines RT To ruin someone's night No I can't come over dude my crayfish has cancer :/ Who'd win in a cage match When you say throw me one when someone is eating food and the person goes over hand and not underhand *jiggling around iPhone to make normal event seem hype* You miss 10% of the shots you tried 100% of the time but missed 10% of the time :/ Do I look like jar jar lol Has any girl actually liked receiving flowers like damn now you gotta pretend to be excited bout a plant. Am I wrong? More like the Nutting Professor am I right Dr Pepper isn't even a real doctor Just goes to show don't believe everything you hear :/ Sasuke vs The DMV Who's your favorite cartoon I get that the holly cost was bad but who even was holly. Hitler's mom maybe? I love the dolly Llama. So wise Why are you sharing a quote on Twitter What's that doing for everyone hahaha Name: Justine Loves pinterest Favorite Show: Grey's Anatomy Somebody save me from syllabus hell LIVE on #Periscope: 5 things I Hate About You Andy is in. Ultimate Showdown. Place your bets I always wondered why Josh Peck started Vining. I mean, surely he had millions saved from Drake and Josh and other movies. Am I wrong? Somebody save me from weasel hell. I'm in weasel hell. They're everywhere. Idk what to do. All I hear is the snickering. *scrtch scrtch* Their paws scrape the floor. *Scrtch* Idea: Jack and the Giant Bean Bag Maybe jack is like a stoner or something. Finds a bean bag. Spretty dopeski. Maybe he's high or somethin #7FavoriteFlavorsOfChocolate Chocolate (: Sorry to anyone I just thrashed on club penguin. I didn't want to but I had to Like this post with your weasel. 99% have failed this Quit fucking around and put the bath bomb in the tub already you stupid instagram fuck What's with the action shot I gotta close the windows before I record cause Chuck E. Cheese don't know how to be quiet Does the longboard match the drapes You used to call me on my go phone Suck my weasel Puppets are creepy fuck you if you use or like Puppets Butts be like *prrt* Good one I'll remember to fall off my dinosaur last time I heard that one loser LIVE on #Periscope: Pizza from Scratch Remember that time e.t. lost his pocket knife and then his jet pack ran out of gas. rip Damn daniel!! (Please, no stealing this tweet) I'm in me mums car!! broom broom haha u guys seen that one or what Have you guys tried flappy bird out yet If I was a boss in the final stage of a video game Id want my name to be Ultra-Chad and I'd be wearing something sick like a pair of Oakleys You just got nae nae'd What would you rather have Ex Viners Anonymous When your mom says Daddy will you pass the salt and you and your dog both reach for it *screenshot of something some teenager said that offended me on my content cause I'm an insecure man child* That'll show him! Are you really a white person if you haven't lost an overpriced pair of sunglasses in the ocean while on a family vacation When squidward says Sorry boys Im all out of pop and you're sitting there like This man comes up and sucks your girls fuck in the middle of Macy's. Wyd? Soulja Boi if you don't How come they never made an air bud wrestling movie Screen Names I made. Ask permission before using: Boner_Loser Leonardo DaBoner Sk8Lyfe_Boner Austinx20 1997_Amber_Boner XGreeny21x Who would win in a fight Hiya guy! Wanna see my bare naked tits? Just click my page! When someone starts talking about things Hey what's up guys this is a Dude,ThatWasSic Production and today we're gonna be doing wheelies. *Wheelie Happens* DUDE THAT WAS Si Luxury priv jet to taribithia You're stranded on an island and can only bring one person to help you get to civilization. Who you pickin LIVE on #Periscope: Home Alone 4 So Jewish people celebrate hakuna matata and we're stuck with christmas? Boring. LIVE on #Periscope: Home Alone 3: Lost in Pa Cool mask I made. Took a couple hours but it paid off Official Channel Yeah I'm a weaboo who fucking cares Try saying the word bro without sounding like you rape drunk girls at frat parties Did some 4th grader make this up? Could they provide some citation? I need answers. Great story. *Professor talking on first day* Listen, this lecture hall is a Pokemon NO Go zone. So make sure you PokSTOP playing before you come in. What was Walt Disney's last name? Try to talk about politics without sounding like you work at Sears Who invented the sun List of people I do not look like: Mitchell Musso What do you suppose Aaron Carter is doing right fucking now What would you rather have right fucking now We replaced the engine of a bugatti veyron with an electric toothbrush. You won't believe what happens next. New hat lemme know what you think Screenshot of my old search history. If you want to hire me for a high paying job based on this just contact me. Is it North Ikea or South Ikea that's the bad one? I am in contact with the cyber police so think about that before you say swears and slurs LIVE on #Periscope: we're back baby LIVE on #Periscope: Dice Challenge LIVE on #Periscope: Retirement Never trust anyone who likes olives Im calling the police. Why? I didn't even do any- You said I looked like Mitchel Musso What? No I fucking didn- They're on their way. No I can't hang out my balloon popped :/ Don't say swears around me or I'll call the police on you You wanna smoke some bud before the game Me: Im calling the police Them: you look like Mitchel Musso Me: I'm calling the police Hi welcome to Wendy's can I take your order? I don't look like Mitchel Musso. Sir I never said you lo- Stop saying I look like Mitchel What would you rather have Hobbies: riding scooters Scooters Sick of people confusing me for mitchel musso Top 10 most gruesome anime deaths Feraligator Ready to go swimming Bring back kevjumba Are you thicker than a 5th grader Mitchel Musso Mercialgo Get into hell free card. 1 like = 1 admission. Would you rather If you spill out trail mix in the shape of a hockey stick and then pour mountain dew over it you can actually summon a white dude Why would you ever name your kid Yasmin? Why would you do that to your kid? I just now realized hbd means happy birthday and not how bout dat I didn't know I lived on the fucking sun What do you guys think Mitchell Musso is doing right fuckin now My knight in shining Affliction No sorry I can't hang out today my mom says I don't really want to and hanging out with you is the worst No I can't hang out today cause my hair hurts :/ sorry *mean comments on my instagram pics* Me: I'm calling the police No sorry I can't hang out today sorry my hat fell off :// Honey we shrunk the fuck What's with the empty clothing racks? The workers at Bath and Body Works are just dead white girls who haven't been granted access to heaven or hell yet. How tf A screenshot of a screenshot of an instagram post screenshot of a Tumblr post that's a picture of a quoted tweet that was originally a bio. What do you mean you're so excited to do up your room? Who is this for? What does making this the caption accomplish I can't believe today is happy birthday If they gun me down which pick you think they usin They're doing a movie about your life but you can only choose one of these actors to play you. Who you picking? Perisocpe crashed. Thanks for tuning into though. I really enjoy doing them. Kinda been rambling on lately. Next one is gonna be a doozie! LIVE on #Periscope: Digimon Go There's a not well known pokemon go trick going around. If you microwave your phone for 15 seconds it glitches and attracts pokemon. Try it! These are candy bars can you guys cool it a bit Who'd win a rap battle 2 pack or 6 pack LIVE on #Periscope: It's a friday Justin Bieber could shave his head and every bald guy would be accused of copying his hair. Marvin Gaye - What's Going On Lifehack: Brush your fucking teeth in the morning so your breath doesn't smell like poopy (: pls an thank Lmfaoo I thought this was one of the retweet this first then this second things You catch this kid taking a pic of you in public. What you doin Just got my concealed carry licence. You're trapped on an island and someone has a cell phone and let's you make a call but they hand you this. Wyd? I just traded my tuition payment for a glow Stick at my local fair. If I had boobs I'd be so much cooler 40 billion years ago a kid Austin Powers helped build shelters for hurricane victims. That man now? None other than Steve jobs. When your family is home so you take extra precautions before beatin it. LIVE on #Periscope: Hot cheetos Challenge Two Pack was such a better rapper than Harambe It's actually illegal to go to EDM festivals if you have a college degree Is there anything more degrading than receiving a kids choice award blimp? Yes. The answer is getting slimed afterwards. Hell is just a game of mario kart except you can only play as luigi. You also only get green shells and mushrooms make you go slower. Hell is just watching a 26 year old barista do stupid heart shaped latte art. Oh yeah you also have to encourage his liberal arts degree. Most real sounding Metal Band made up of only white males Nice cross tattoo, how'd you come up with that? Exhausted? She was exhausted? Is this a joke? Am I missing something? Seriously if I am please tell me Obtuse, rubber goose, green moose, guava juice. Giant snake, birthday cake, large fries, fuckers in school telling me, always in the barbe- LIVE on #Periscope: enchanted (haunted) forest Hell is just you in a room with a 12 year oldl laughing at the popular page on vine. You have to pretend to laugh when he shows you one too. If your story starts with Back in high school it probably isn't worth telling. To anyone. Ever. #TipOfTheDay New Curious George movie looks sweet LIVE on #Periscope: quickie ;] Only 182 days until Christmas Anyone who has ever said time is of the essence should be put down Potential Capri Sun Flavors: High Tide Sunset Game On Tropic Thunder Big Air Full Moon Rob Dyrdek Grind On Skatepark Jungle Jim Broke Phi Broke How delusional do you have to be to have 800 followers and put a business email in your bio I hope that stupid raccoon sees it's reflection cause I'm sick of winter :/ LIVE on #Periscope: pillow talk ;) Who'd win in a soccer game All of you lose because no one drew E.T. in a Dune Buggy or wearing his signature jet pack. E.T. drawing contest. Draw E.T. and send it to me. I'll give the best one somethin special LIVE on #Periscope: Guess who won the game LIVE on #Periscope: Golfing Thot Topic You guys realize that Muslim is a religion? Saying Muslims are beautiful is like saying Christians are beautiful. Think people. Think. If vine intends to make longer video, what's my incentive to use Vine when Twitter and Instagram already offer a superior creative platform? We took a screenshot of the iPhone lock screen for a year. The transformation will blow your mind Here's the scenario. You're E.T. and stranded on an island. You can only take 1 thing. What you taking? Willy Wonka and the E.T. Jet Pack Concept for a video game: Diddy Kong Racing except it's E.T. and not Diddy Kong. And maybe he doesn't know how to drive so you just walk. Round 2 coming up. Who y'all think won this one I died and came back to life. This is what I saw when I was dead that changed my life forever E.T. is the president of hell. He has a jet pack and pocket knife. When you die, E.T. passes judgement on you. I love you, E.T. Please legalize Most evil sounding super villain? LIVE on #Periscope: Friday Who'd win in a fight Amy Schumer is a girl and openly admits to having sex all the time and farting (: how funny is that? (: Ba dum tis Pop a sweet fuckin wheelie dude. That's sick nasty. Got it all on film on my mom's digital camera I'm not white I'm just big boned Thanks for tuning in to the periscopes. They're a bunch of fun to do and hopefully they're fun to watch. Love interacting with everyone. LIVE on #Periscope: crashed LIVE on #Periscope: KernHurl More like The Wolf of Walgreens **Warning** Graphic photos of Harambe gorilla attack leaked. LIVE on #Periscope: ops LIVE on #Periscope: Yo (: Your mcm is most likely excited for the new game of thrones Having a blast at the beach today. The water is fine! I can't even tell the difference honestly When I die and go to hell, stuff me and put me in a cabelas somewhere so I can haunt country folk Amy Schumer making a joke about vaginas? Pretty rare occurrence The two front runners to be president of the United States are fighting on Twitter. 2016 baby. It's actually illegal to own Beats by Dre if you're over the age of 15. Crazy frog has won the Democratic nomination :/ moving to Canada Almost got caught with this shit haha close one Play so hard all these haters wanna be me (: LIVE on #Periscope: hackey Haters wanna be me White people love dolphins. That's not a joke just a fact. Who tryna trade Keemstar is like if the asshole in high school somehow had a successful youtube channel. Message to all haters Which sword sounds stronger. Really important Spongebob but with shoulder pads concept Stats: Finesse lvl - 91 Attack lvl - 75 Stamina lvl - 65 Laser lvl - 29 Shoulder Pads lvl - 99 Who would win in a fight What sounds like the most ducks LIVE on #Periscope: Special Guests (: Mushroom Boostin want some more Everyone's just posting the same shit. All they do is recycle old formats and swap a few words. Is it even rewarding to post at that point? (: i got a cool senior prank for you seniors out there: Maybe bring ur lunch to school and if you usually pack, buy lunch that day idk? (: People who enoy riding motorcycles most likely also enjoy: Playing Paintball Guns Electric Guitars Tattoos Knives Having a beard 1 crazy frog hack that will make you never want to eat McDonald's again Potential Axe Body Spray Names: Last Stand All In Standoff Jolt Perseverance Game On Kick Start 4th Down 360 Shotgun Potential 5-Gum Flavors: Sun Spot Imbue Blush Element Core Zenith Flare Kick flip Night Shade LIVE on #Periscope: sup Places are still advertising free WiFi as a perk. Bitch it's 2016 you better have WiFi and it better be free. Nahm sayin. And on the 5th day, God created crazy frog Cool Screen Names I made: FlameXxthrower Blood_skull Dead_nope Blastoise SwordxBlade MlGxGun Twist Ed Pro_MLG_xxTitan ChainSawGun Your mcm eats plain cheerios with skim milk. *takes picture of rent money to ease crippling insecurity* We out here I ghost write for jerry purple drink The Internet was cooler when everyone with 5,000 followers didn't think they were a superstar who posted groundbreaking content All I drink LIVE on #Periscope: What's up my dudes Got ma vans on but they look like sneakers LIVE on #Periscope: testing RT if ur crazy and like to eat a pizza! ! (: Cool screen Names I made up that you guys can use: Point Blank Way S'dead Insane_21_cool Blackberry Phone XxCandy_yarite Get-real_kid Ay, watch me finesse these student loans Where do we draw the line between irony and just shit content? Katana vs Chainsaw I want a katana so I can go to my parents house and cut watermelons with it in the backyard One time I made a YouTube video with my cousin (like 4 years ago) and just yesterday I received this haha I hate the shrek memes cause I actually like the shrek movies and now I cry myself to sleep cause of things like dis Cinco de mayo more like spongebob (: I can't believe today is happy birthday RT til we find her @ Thanks to those who met up on club penguin haha it was real Meet me at the iceberg on the server iceberg Good day *Unicycle amphibian* Hey guys I'm a 16 year old twitter user who thinks having anxiety and being depressed is cool and relatable Serious queston: What ever made grave digger better than other trucks lol cause he totally was better just why though Hey guys I'm in hell. uh. Tony hawk is here, so it's pretty cool Anthony Eagle Expert Skateboarder 2 I don't know who coach ella is but she must have been a pretty good coach if everyone is going to see her (Mustard on the beat ho) When she ask you if you want some more Seaweed medley Joseph Kony vs. Shiny Charizard Card Why this guy look like he bout to drop the hottest rune scimitar of 2016 She a thot if her avi is a selfie with a snapchat filter Watch me finesse this rune pickaxe Who'd win in a fight vote honestly NASA exploring the possibility of inhabiting hell. Top scientists expect it to be an option as soon as 2017. Follow my snap it's a wild ride RT til we find her @ Slipknot live at guitar center Dude, you dare me? Please make this happen!! Peanut butter, Mayonnaise, and Mustard sandwich &lt;&lt;356443 You da fuckin best You da fuckin best You da fuckin best You da fuckin best Best I ever had Best I ever had Best I e 14 chicken nugget hacks that will ruin your life *Cheesy shock value post that turns out to be an April fools day joke* Rawr :3 That means I'm fucking faded in dinosaur xD Really in the mood for a mounds candy bar. - No one Let play game 0 RTs 5 likes Sexy Are you taller than a 5th grader. Coming to cbs Watch me finesse this cheeseburger What's bernie sanders last name? Title Text Here Human names that should only be dog names: Koda Riley Remmy Hunter Bella Charlie Cody Cooper Sadie Sophie Harley You know it's a good day when you're doing round two at McDonald's How insecure do you have to be to get a girl to write your @ name on their boobs and set it as your twitter header Remember that time Patrick said is mayonnaise an instrument pfahaha White people prone to do some ignorant ass shit like order pineapple pizza White people love pizza!! Haha like probably say something like let's order a pizza! Wtf!? (: Hit like if white people crazy Someone dyin and need cpr. Thing is, they lookin pretty rough in the face. Watch gon do: If you smoke weed you're going to hell Bout to take this shit If you could only be 1 pokemon who would you choose Free Earl Jetta Boys Going to the haunted woods If she show up to class late with her hair up, wearing sunglasses (inside), yoga pants on, with an iced coffee in hand. she a thot. You think hell got good WiFi Ice Cream Update I'm in pizza hell We smokin Nerf Darts Funny names to trick substitute teachers: Tom Phoolury Chuck Nhades Isux Dix Ass Wiener Hype. Believe the hype. Youtube hype. Hot girl sexy lingerie social experiment compilation prank I thought I told you to stay the fuck out of my room while I'm watching naruto grandma Bush did damn daniel Don't think vine is my creative outlet. Sorry yo. Fuckin ride around on a scrambled egg lookin ass Name a better game than Spongebob: Lights, Camera, Pants! ProTip: You can't. I'm just a stubborn Charizard at heart There's a theory that spongebob is in a coma and squidward is just a paper plate and Patrick is a golden retriever. Makes you think. Potential Axe Body Spray Names: Rebound Nebula Out of Bounds Rush Zone Energized Truth or Dare Off Limits Full Speed Chill'd Out What's donald trumps last name? Lmk We must stop kony at all costs What's taters? Po-ta-toes . Boil em Mash em Roll em in a blunt I'm on beast mode right now 10 weird hair tricks your barber doesn't want you to know Yo what's y'alls high scores on calculator? Try to beat mine!! I'll have a Coke Is Danimals okay? Name a better movie than beverly hills chihuahua ProTip: You can't I know it valentine day but y'all hear bout Obama joining isis Bring back beast mode 2016 The other day in her dad's used Toyota corolla I thought God damn this is the perfect time eat a strawberry poptart on the way to school lookin bitch Try to express your political views on Twitter without sounding like you work at a food court in a mall ITunes Gift Card Mercialgo Unboxing Reaction Social Expirement Walk through tutorial Father of a Gamer talking to his union buddies at work What if digging to China actually worked LOL could you imagine?!?! Your mcm stocks vending machines at minor league sports stadiums Try to say the words Im voting for trump without sounding like you have a preference between Lowes and Home Depot Not so down with the sickness Who'd win The absolute mad man Who gon stop me What was the song used in this video? It was Sandstorm by Darude. Thanks, friend! Any time! Since when did Naruto get a big stupid sword? :/ Holy shit I can't believe I never thought of this before: Why don't people just photocopy money? Infinite money my friends. At what point in your life did you decide to be mad online Autism is a choice Most thot ass candy bar If you hold a seashell up to your ear you can hear a milli by lil wayne What does lol backwards spell (: Best protein powder you can buy tbh Weed weed, the magical fruit The more you smoke The more you're high The more you're high The more you're high The more you're high The mor What college do you go to? Im home schooled W-what? Yeah I like it The absolute mad man F word!! Who gon win Every 16 year old ever Why don't fat people just not eat so much like wtf bro just stop Most thot ass youtube channel You're at Wendy's and this guy slaps your girls ass what do you do I didn't make this but this is basically what those social experiment YouTube videos are. Boys rule pronouns drool I'm so 2008! You're so 2000 and late! When someone won't take it easy man Really want first edition holographic Charizard so yeah Watcha doin in Chuck E cheese on a Thursday Who else pull up in da car like skurt feel me? Like a skuurrt! (: Platypus are dumb af bro think about it. They a duck but also a beaver lmfao da fuck I'm verified on runescape When ur teacher gives u homework on the weekend and class is over and ur just sitting there all like Maturity is knowing the right time to play runescape in the downtown library of your university. Which is, of course, any time. Hmu if you have 1st edition holographic Charizard White people always on they eat food and drink a water shit. da fuck :/ Imagine what Obama's face looks like when he cums Spongebob illuminati compilation What are you watching on your phone? MySpace That's a website though Yeah I know I like MySpace too O-okay You look focused haha what game is that? iCloud Haha what? Yeah Im still trying to beat it It takes -14.7 seconds to RT. RT to save someone's life :/ Homeless heart-warming child will bring you to tears with amazing talent What game r u playing Microsoft Excel That's not a game It's pretty fun Oh Shout out to the kids who came up to me and called me a diaper wearing cry baby I told my mom and for the record I don't even wear diapers What's a god to a non believer I played the Powerball but didn't win I don't understand :/ Give me the formuoli he whispers into my ear Oh yeah Mr krab aA Mr krab: oh yeah AhH Oh yeah, Mr Krabs White people always wearin shirt and pant da fuck who is this again? Purge Twitter Purge Backroom casting couch is my favorite anime Who's ur favorite digimon Shiny Charizard for president Racist is suck Agree? Homeless guy with amazing talent will blow your mind 1 rt = 1 prayer Daddy when something is funny and is posted to internet When the krabs is Mister Nah I can't hang out today sorry my dog just farted on my balls :/ If ur grandma is in a bowling league she a thot Nah I can't hang out my DS broke :/ If she got the ball drop/ fire works on her snap story she a thot It's actually illegal to not have a dip in when you're in a cabelas Which one u think I am? bruh They needa make a Franklin da turtles emoji damn Crazy Frog to perform this year's superbowl half time show Lol I'm at fucking cabelas Out of bounce U got like 3 feet of air that time What's a better super power How the bruh stole deez nuts Favorite Christmas song? (: The Vine Christmas album features timeless classics such as: Deez Nuts Roasting On An Open Fire Dashing Through the Bruh! And many more! Dashing through the bruh! U stupid No Ya 24 New star wars spoiler!! :/ The fresh Prince of 6/10 Biscuits and gravy lays unboxing and taste test part 1! All of garden Who would u think could ever have for a million dollars? Who's ur favorite pokemon What's a funnier word What's ur favorite fruit How the Nicolas Cage stole the Declaration of Independence. We must stop kony :/ If you get a dog to fart on your balls you'll go to hell I remember a time where professor oak only asked if you were a boy or a girl. a simpler time. a happier time. Who's ur favorite superhero Support group for viners who have androids New idea: tweet like it's a Facebook status More like DJ Ketchup lol *Twitter Bio* Location: LA 5,625 Vine Loops Photographer/Aspiring Comedian/Entrepreneur/Alcoholic In Training This is real soo Cotton Eye Joe Smoke Me the Fuck Out Remix Thinking about putting this sick nasty image on a t-shirt and selling em for $6,000 what do you think?! (: I'm in meme hell Thinking about changing my name to tylurnt (like tyler + turnt) should I? Yo wuts good it's Pistol Beats here. No beats for a while cause mom pawned my laptop My mom took away my DS again for sexting my girlfriend on pictochat :/ What better Which one best We gon be alright Which one best Squids got genes Sorry dude can't hang out my dog has allergies :/ Why do pigs always roll in mud!! Idiots! That wasn't very thanksgiving of you bro Franklin the turtle is a dumb asshole Happy Thanksgiving Green eggs and ham is an overhyped book honestly Corn (: Who would win in a fight The good times. rip All vines look like this now This might just be speculation but I'm pretty sure Danzo took Fetty Waps eye Lol What are you wearing Jake from state farm ? Uh trukfit John Mayer and chill? Daang Here's your news headline: Grinch's Plan to Steal Christmas Foiled by U.S. Government s/o to sghetti who with me Who your favorite ninja turtle Sext: get on runescape Ahaha! Gravedigger crushed another truck! Ahah!! Yeah! I imagine this is what people say at a monster truck rally Nice I've always wanted a turd fountain Comedy Central Roast of Spongebo Woah homie watch where you point that vape Now I never thought that I'd be in debt $581,000 but I found a way, I found a way If you open up your mind!! White people always surprised it cold out when winter start lol amirite Little Caesars Pizza Guy vs. The Dirty Bubble *pop tarts pop up out of toaster* Young money This matters a lot. Who's better Have y'all heard of this new game flappy bird Can blind people teleport What's the easter bunny bringin y'all for thanksgiving Do you make money off vine No. Then why do you still do it? Good fucking question. Am I the only muhfuka without anxiety sheit Bill Cosbys nutsack probably looks like a melting turd tbh Hahahahaha uve been visited by spicey meatball chef spicey meatballs r in ur future but only if u reply mama mia to this image Bout to take this shit!! White people prone to do some fucked up shit like pin tweets If u smoke weed and read the cat in the hat backwards you can actually become the grinch The grinch is real Fuck all y'all. The grinch is real and he will steal Christmas again if someone doesn't stop him Episode 2!! Life hacked. Who win in fight I'm pretty sure Pornhubs marketing and advertising team consists of only middle school bullies. White people the kind of people to make vine a career Might do a life hack series if u guys want em! I wanna do hood rat shit with my friends Twitter highlights are bullshit lol who cares Pro Fashion Tip: Wear your high school graduation ring around campus so everyone knows you graduated high school. Just like everyone else. Click like How I got expelled from college for trying to summon E.T. during a football game Just got verified lol this is nuts! How I got sent to autism hell for watching E.T. in my schools bathroom on my PSP. Im friends with E.T. that's how i got verified ~ Every verified account thanks for gettin me to 1mil on gamefly!! Im in hell Dude u stink is ur name rlly chef boyardee no oh ya lol is ur name really BlockBuster? ya y lol thts nuts i no What're you gonna do? Make a singing vine about it? I hear people complain like this everyday on campus. Not joking. Heard this lil number today. There's a special place in hell for people who make singing vines I think the heart should be changed to a turd because all these tweets regarding the topic are shit Xbox live gamer tags: Austin97 Xbaseba11x Cntuchdis22x ChildPenis Scott MyFavoritePokemonIsSquirtle WienerBallz Find your spirit animal test! Are you more like a: I'm verified at Radio shack I'm verified on gamefly Ahaha How my dog just nae nae on me A ha ha! Who's a stronger pokemon Who would win in a fight I survived spongebo Club Penguin ruined my life Who would win in a fight Would you rather We In the studio Squidward skurticles I have over 100k vine followers so I technically don't have to pay for this frappuccino, sir. Who playing Halo 5 tomorrow? I'll be the one teabagging your lifeless corpse. *spongebob voice* Fuck When you're watching TV in the living room and your mom calls your name from the kitchen Aw 'six Seconds of Fame A vine documentary. Coming soon to a garbage can near you. Local weaboos near you I hope that stupid rodent sees his shadow in 10 days Spooky vine pls watch with caution Runescape's self proclaimed bad boy RT if you love charmander *see's empty coke bottle 20 feet in the background of a vine* Wow how much did you get paid for this one I've never felt so embarrassed for someone Halloween is tomorrow Feel old yet? RAWR XD That means #Trump2016 in dinosaur :3 Have y'all seen this?! What's that one song called that goes: Who let the dogs out?! Who? Who? Who Who?!?! Let me know! Bringing back the classics Have you ever actually seen crazy frog and Donald Trump in the same room Have you ever actually seen Obama and Santa in the same room? Courage the cowardly blunt New short film I call: Me Time. Sasuke is my spirit animal He's ugly. He has a wiener-nose. He's a muppet. I didn't even say a name, but he popped into your head. (It's Gonzo) *taking test* 1.) I have decided, in 2020, to. A.) None of the below B.) Run for president C.) All of the above D.) All of the above Message to all haterz More like Bernie Sand Turds Bernie sanders got some old ass balls lol What you think spongebob doin right fuckin now Let's watch a haunted house 2 - no one Guys please make this happen Panic attack at the Disco There's always some punk ass little kid who dresses up as a skeleton for halloween. Y'all know who I'm talking bout. Oh you like isis? Name one song by them. Spongebob isn't real it's just our parents Did you guys know ISIS isn't real? My big brother told me that it's just our parents and they do it once we fall asleep. The other day in her Honda civic I thought God damn this is the perfect time Deadrat7 Ballin real hard real real real hard Replying to your once successful tweet to get it more attention is the equivalent to sucking your own cock. Ass game humpty dumpty I don't believe in pizza When you say some ignorant ass shit but don't realize it *Satirical use of emojis* Fuck you crash bandicoot I survived guitar hero 3 If she browse pinterest... you know the rest Hell is just the guitar hero 3 loading screen If she got a cracked iPhone 4s she a thot What have I done Sugar, spice, and diesel jeans. These were the ingredients to make the perfect little girls. Who else remembers spongebo *Dog named Coke is hit by a car Vet: Is pepsi okay? His name is coke. Vet: I'll have a pepsi Is Pepsi okay? It ain't about how hard you hit. It's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward. Nice I love rocket Popsicles We here at da got damn ice cream truck got damn Paintball at ikea Cool Names: Jerry ShirtsnPants Lemmy Sticksn'stones Earl BubblePopper Danny DustRunner Steve You think lil wayne skypes drake? My Big Fat Greek Blunt Fruit Roll-up-a-Blunt You know you found an amazing youtube video when the ratings and comments are disabled. You can use this controller Kanye West just purchased majority ownership of McDonald's, unofficially changing the franchise name to WestDonald's. Lads Frig off m8 And she know what I like so she grab me a Coke and pizza slice Xbox 360 with the wrist I can't make a vine without all comments circling around how I'm wearing lipstick and eye liner. (I'm wearing neither of those) Secret trail mix recipe How do they even make pizza like what's in it Jenny the teenage robot was stupid thic Screen Name Ideas: KateUptonsDick KingOfAss40 Skull20 88SnipeMe88 SpongeBobsHoles SquidwardsDick 2good4u G0DuvH4l0 DBZFan NarutoxSasuke7 POTUS stands for President of the United States and I just now realized this. Yikes. A dream catcher tattoo, excellent choice miss. Cute nicknames: Babe Boo Sweetie Cupcake Noob Camper Scrub Trash 1v1 me Sniper spree Sword Slice n dice Miss me? Assassination 360 Xbox Rest up boys big game tomorrow When your waiter starts helping another family If your dick is longer than 6 inches, you legally can't buy/own a Mustang or Camaro. You guys don't even know you're grammar Thanks for clearin that up What's Donald Trump's last name? Anti vine boyz Here, you can use this one Don't go to school tomorrow Who wants to form a band Breakfast at the waffle house 20 sausage biscuits Good call on the shirt - goes great with the hat Unregistered Hypercam 420 Remember when pikachu defeated team rocket Beethoven Symphony No.9 - Hot N*gga Is that an ipod touch? Uh, I can explain. Watcha doin in Chuck E. Cheese on a Thursday Am I crazy or do you see the resemblance too?? What that ass do in them cargo shorts Sleep tight porker What do you think the i like turtles kid is doing right now? Mr. Krabs looks soo much like krabby the clown Miley Cyrus looks like Hannah Montana Found out how many registered weaboos are living in YOUR local neighborhoods now! My brain is hangin upside down Campfire Song Song [Smoke Me Out Remix] Bring me to life spongebob music video Scary Monsters and Nice Sprites [Shut the Fuck Up Remix] IPhone 4s dis track Paul Blart Mario Cart If you could wipe ass for $100 per ass: would you? If so, how many do you think you could wipe an hour? Like. 20? I think around 20. Miranda Costco Panera Costco Miranda Assgrove Miranda Cosgrove Mercy If you don't watch anime you ain't livin Don't talk to the spirits Seinfeld is probably my favorite anime 12 year old talking to mom who's at the grocery store Cargo shorts - don't Good call wearin that freshmen welcome week shirt dude excellent choice Nice sound cloud bro no one fucking cares The only thing happier than a dog with three legs is a dog with four *replies to own tweet* Ohmygosh how is this still getting attention?! XD I think my neighbors have a pet skunk that keeps spraying their apartment cause boy does it smell like skunk Self Esteem Destruction You smell like cheetos and league of legends Sword Art Online ripped off Spy Kids 3: Game Over Tony Hawk's ass cheeks Well actually sir I just got the s6 edge so technically I'm a lot smarter than you Remember when Shrek pulled dabs outta his ear Haha that shit was crazy Just finished watching spy kids 2 again Anyone tryna get on runescape When does E.T. 2 come out When does Ice Age 2 come out I h8 people who dress like this. We get it, you were bit by a spider. Wtf am i doing honestly like this isn't even a joke i just don't know where my life is heading at this rate I can tell i used to be way more relevant cause I only got notifications like over 1 mil loops! Now i get congrats on 50 likes! What's Obama's last name? Darude - Hot N*gga Im the most famous 8th grader in this Wendy's When you throw a fit but then your mom says you can get McDonald's *iPhone 4 falls out of my pocket* Uhh, I can explain When almost every girl at the party a ho Assnado Bluntnado Nice More like Farter Reynolds haha bitch. When your parents try to roast you because you Play too many video games and Are 40 and still living at home Last name minions First name iridocyclitis Like deez nuts dont you say nothin to me boy Will you be my juggaho? No Scope party at my house haha dont bring your scopes haha feel me Now watch me minions Now watch me iridocyclitis Twinkies are just aborted minions Ya im thinkin about going to CMU and double majoring in CS and Electrical Engineering Me: Can you guys call me Skull from now on Pixburgh New slipknot album looks tight Are there black people in japan? Serious question. Asking for a friend. Minions vs Iridocyclitis Kid siri help me forget about her when is barack obama gonna do the grey sweatpants challenge . cant talk rn im on xbox with ninja ill text u later woponese block button goin crazy today. weeding them out Now im off this bitch hate the situation but it doesnt excuse anything. i feel differently about it than most of you im sure gonna be a wild day on the internet man fuck a xxl freshman freestyle when they dropping a xxl freshman ted talk to inspire the youth good pussy will make u flee the United States in search of a better life good pussy will turn u into a doomsday prepper on god i bet Fathers Day was fuckin crazy at tom bradys crib yesterday man Ill suck dick in the Chic fil a parking lot i dont care yall smoking waluigi blunts im smokin warios god yes fuck cinnamon buns mm some shit about me being on my way over 66k Retweets 1.2million Likes i think the worst thing about this person trying to catfish people on tinder using photos of me is that they said i white people think LTE 4G speeds are spicy thats tea sis Pause u think Mozart was talking shit to other composers on instagram live claiming to show up in their hood with shooter instagram live is the worst thing to happen to rap music yet hope she sees this bro how much u wanna bet woahvicky can bite clean thru an iPhone 4 things woahvicky probably eats: -bugs -rocks -different forms of wood -those firework things that pop when u throw the navy seals are shaking ... i wonder if people on Facebook are saying no cap yet a classic ima go ahead and say this is the second worst thing to happen to him in his lifetime fuck night mode yes i use twitter no i dont have night mode turned on we fuckin exist ill start a YouTube channel one day too late. times are tough im sellin pussy sis i bet dj akademiks gets mad as fuck when 6ix9ine comes home late from the studio everyone: dj akademiks: 6ix9ine strolls through new york with Chief keefs baby mama and then comes home and kisse yo what if bryan silva is just a harvard social experiment like timmy thick was god this game fucking sucks my Spotify playlist is soundcloud is just scroll through my lik get on fortnite happy birthday to my guy !! i havent even watched the vid but i can already tell its corny as fuck when i say i want a goth gf this is what i mean i have the best playlist on Spotify confirmed go run this up help me get to 16k followers on it we hittin canes ! all im saying is mozart never made the xxl freshman list if lil pump is a xxl freshman his orthodontist needs to be on the list too bro u know that mf has been putting in work how many of these names u think will be on the 2019 xxl freshman list: Lil Baby Gunna Juice Wrld Yung Bans Sheck We lets not forget that xxxtentacion said fuck it n started reciting slam poetry out this bitch during his xxl freshm Cuban doll n rico nasty shoulda been on the list fuck a xxl freshman list im tryna see a xxl freshman battle royale if i flirt with you Im either bored and it means nothing or Im about to fuckin rob u good luck figuring out which im selling pussy on letgo sis Incredible girls that listen to 6ix9ine pussy smells like battery acid fellas what good things are we letting our deeply rooted insecurities fuck up today fuck self care its all about self sabotage 2018 real shit if u didnt have an emo phase ur not a real person in my eyes soundcloud makes me feel like a 12 year old kid digging through pure volume n MySpace music for emo bands again n i lady in a blue dress by senses fail might as well be a juice wrld song first time holding a flesh light where all the badass republican girls that know how to skin a buck at im tryna get pistol whipped not very respectful towards women pump do better people that say they are years young instead of years old when they tell u their age wanna be youth pastors so fuckin bad bro i didnt believe in spirit animals until i saw that video of that little monkey ripping a dab n eating til he fell asleep would u hand them the aux cord for $58 millions dollars just got my first manicure ever which one of the homies is tryna get fingerblasted at the movies later 19 years old, financially stable, in shape, families healthy Thank god mason ramsey prolly double jointed like shit mason ramsey gotta be like 5\\2 but somehow he's built like he's 6\\5 what the fuck Mozart never posted photos him feeding his offspring i want smoke with everyone today someone come whip my fucking ass please come beat me within inches of my pathetic god u wanna fuck that girl that always has the guns pics on college campuses so bad don't u dude ! ur fuckin 19 dude white ppl fuckin love making this pic their lock screen helen forced me to stand on this podium n take a picture Rest In Peace mr rogers the recruiter that hangs out by the vending machines at lunch says that if i sign the next 5 years of my life away just heard a song with a sample from my heroin by silverstein in it this SoundCloud shit is going too far yes in the fader chief keef just retweeted my playlist so now that i have a sosa co sign u should all go follow n listen my playlist slaps go follow it right now bitch go run this up i put 52 new songs on it shit took forever but it's my favorite playlist that I've made yet local twitter who we subtweeting with a drake lyric n praying they see it n dm u today local twitter who we wishing a happy birthday to today risky move for IHOP to change their name to IHOB which stands for International House Of Big balls and ass but im p it stands for International House Of Big ass titties now pnb rock built like an aux cord boy built like a bookmark therapy: roughly $100-$150 a session gameboy advance emulator for ur iPhone so u can play Pokmon crystal for days why the fuck is everyone trying to get everyone to sign up for that app to send money back n forth i wanna start buying shoes that are hard as fuck to get n wear them with the worst shit ever. im gonna pull up in a listening to the new chief keef EP thinking about simpler times hope the navy seals text u back u really taking this modern warfare 2 shit too far sis fellas what major world tragedy are we using to text our ex about today as an excuse to check up on her fellas what basic human emotion are we supressing today to get through the day already know what the fuck is going on this morning good pussy sounds like me slapping the back board to assert my dominance on the court this SoundCloud shit different bryan silva is literally fucking shaking right now u can feel the energy of lil uzi in this pic just updated my playlist -51 songs that slap -good pussy sounds like this -yes theres a mason ramsey song on it -e happy pride month to everyone that owns an iPhone 8+ the fuck u need all that in ur hand for : this a bryan silva fit how much u wanna bet lil pump won't wear his retainer as often as he should n he'll need braces again in a year and brockhampton prolly goin fuckin crazy right now u think they hang out in real life i think it's hot when girls wear adidas superstars n throw up at concerts people that went through played Pokmon games growing up n just used one Pokmon that got strong as fuck to beat th the rumors are true sis. my pussy stinks. it's not even tea at this point it's just facts the world needs a spaceghostpurrp n bryan silva beef lil uzi dress like a member of the elite four unpopular opinion: honey is just bee cum never really thought of it like this damn tekashi 6ix9ine like dear diary, today sucked total ass. my friend shot at chief keef n missed. i wonder what tr amazing album cover kanye mason ramsey probably at the ranch rolling a backwood on a bail of hay right now staring off into the pasture trying to find himself i change my avi to tigger for a few hours and hundreds of people unfollow me. absolute cowards. you'll all be replaced soon jus touched down in Wyoming where the latinas alright yea kanye fuckin snapped on this album when he said When I was a young boy My father took me into the city yung bans - didn't say slavery was a choice - just dropped a song with future - probably knows gunna n lil baby per fuck the kanye album it doesn't even have a kid rock feature god but also my best friend gotta change my avi to tigger for a while im not quite sure what tigger was feeling that day but im on the same shit right now mf's get a pair of comme des garons converses n forget how to act not sure that anyone will ever be able to get away with saying fuck chief keef this kanye shit sound like the bohemian grove where the fuck is alex jones at if u want my actual unpopular opinion it's that the toy story trilogy is a better trilogy than the lord of the ring HARD white ppl love naming their kids Bryce dwight schrute probably dead or in jail now bro ain't no way his weird ass is still slinging paper at a reasonable idk what the fuck any of this means but i feel u mushrooms go hard can u guys go tell to send me a white pair please hell yea brother shouts out to my wonderful gf for the fire quartersnacks gear for my birthday n shouts out Chinato shit would break the internet me n got the same birthday juuheard even if u sent me a penny i love u all n appreciate u u gay for drawing this im dropping a yung bans diss fuck him drake gonna hire a historian with a masters degree to do extensive research on the life of pusha t for the next 3 y :) i love roseanne selling percs now to pay her rent i love u dude (don't show me a titty i love my gf send me a dollar or something) Happy birthday I love u it's my birthday send me money fuck a boat me n my girl finna cop a 17th century merchant ship n sail the seven seas to discover the new world be honest would u pipe Unpopular opinion: Need For Speed Underground 2 has a better soundtrack than Midnight Club 3: Dub Edition yo u snapped thank u yea so this really fuckin sucks brockhampton try outs were absolutely insane last night i made a private twitter if ur one of my boyos hit me n ill give u the what if u got to heaven n god was wearing foamposites sometimes that cymbalta be hitting tho good morning what fucking weenies with alt right avi's will i be blocking today buying a new plant that gives the room a whole new feel some pussy My | pussy | when is this shit gonna stop on fucking repeat Happy Memorial Day! Today we honor those who fought for our freedom. THANK YOU! hard ass pic mason wah wah wah bitch im lil baby thinking about getting an amazon alexa just so we can sit around n talk shit about people we don't like honestly god probably has good pussy just quit my job to be starting point guard for brock hampton. beyond excited to see what this season hold. this is . y'all hiring ? what did lebron do did he join brock hampton yo what if bryan silva joined brock hampton migos looked so different in high school bro yea drake bell def selling percs now don't ever tweet about gunna or lil baby again final warning i heard Stacy money is a nice guy n everyone should listen to Geeked produced by this is fire but dogs have sensitive ears g drake has a lil baby feature, a blocboy feature, n just dropped a song on a oogiemane beat no one can ever say anything bad about him again drake hopped on a oogiemane beat 2018 is beautiful Boys can't take selfies on bridges -Elon Musk, 1492. absolutely fucking no one bro are u serious yes this is so tight tell me right now are u gay or not this is destroying my life bryan russ is somehow gonna take an L from this drake n pusha t beef wonder what the nfl would do if someone fucked around n starting levitating during the national anthem The Endless Summer (1966) the new asap rocky album fucking slaps Jesus Christ if hell exists im pretty sure it's a lot like finding a place to park in koreatown happy fuckin birthday to my brother my friend my favorite rapper that's tea sis this hasn't been on the tl in a long ass time so im bringing it back i bet amazon alexa got the fuckin scalding hot tea bro i'm: straight gay having a really fuckin hard time dealing with my insecurities lately n haven't been prop lil uzi gonna rock one of these before an other rapper mark my words smokin on that 0% APR yea no shit elon fuck fortnite the world needs this game we get it dude u fucked a guy for $7000 n just hang it up already if u shoot music videos or know someone that does link me some work hello 911 yea my girl just left me for a dude that moves half a pound of mid a week n calls himself a plug do ur thing fellas if she leaves u for a drug dealer just call the cops on them it's that simple ima call the cops on y'all fuck it i did a pore strip for my nose last night with my gf bro my pores bout clear as shit right now there's no tellin wh Bernard motherfucking jabs my brother back at it with another one stop facetiming me when im in traffic tho Ima fli what if the doctor told u that u had like 3 months left to live n that's tea sis hell yea my pussy stinks n that's tea sis old skools adidas joggers champion shirt self confidence new insta post caption telling u to comment 40 emoji i cannot stop thinking about bugs bunny wearing jordan 7's in this pic bro 6,000 retweets and I fucking jump out the 6th story window at the doctors office help me get on ellen whatever color makes her eligible for a new smartphone upgrade with a 2 year plan renewal agreement i didn't think it was possible but someone finally did something more corny than that time russ wore that shirt tha what the fuck are u even saying yea she's fuckin u but she's opening my Snapchat texts n not responding every single day yea she has two beautiful children with u n ur her husband that is also the hot 3rd base coach for her sons little jus pitched the idea of air pods with a cord attached so that u don't lose them so easily on shark tank n they offe how has no NFL team tried to get sonic the hedgehog to start as their running back. i know he lacks size n knowledg if we're friends follow my other twitter my mother runs this account now if this tweet was a person it would take a graduation photo holding an ar-15 on a college campus now imagine this: minions ... but with huge titties Pope Francis tells gay man: People mad that I did gay porn You would of did it for $7,000 too and that mans name was bryan silva mf's get a pair of air pods n start speaking at ted talks i realized today was going to suck total ass when i woke up n saw waka flocka tweet about pickle rick this shit didn't happen u weenie milkshakes at chick-fil-a cost $3.65 plus tax what are u trying to prove say what u want about me but i will be the first person to sell an eighth of gas on shark tank mark my words what happened to u dude mozart walked so playboi carti could run this means a lot to me I love u my other twitter is follow me if ur one of my friends fuck yanny n laurel all i heard was enemy AC-130 inbound haven't tweeted this pic this week so im throwing it on the timeline for everyone. enjoy if the juul could hit back we'd be so fucked o shit kinda slides me: h- alt right weenie with 326 followers: actually that's an AR-10 not an AR-15 too easy man shut the fuck up Posted it'll always be fuckin nice out Go donate to this if you can. Proceeds go towards paying for king daves funeral expenses. Love you. Miss you. Long good one private ryan ur really owning the libs online with that one hey dad can i borrow the AR-15 with variable zoom scope extended mags n adjustable bump stock i need it to take a r idk why the fuck i keep seeing white girls posting pics with ar-15's on school campuses but can it please stop this glo in paradise young king dave. we're gonna miss you this pic is so hard someone's gonna die one day trying to get through the drive thru at the chic fil a in Hollywood mark my words it's we really just lost a real one bro. damn [Chorus: Playboi Carti] Woke up with my toolie, what it do? Meet me in the ally with the troops I got red shooters, im literally so ready for summer nights. Summer vibes. Being tan. Drinking room temperature four lokos. Eating Wend i don't know which is worse the tweet itself or the guy shooting his shot in the replies holy fuck juuls are the 2011 camaros of cigarette alternatives u gay if u eat that bro is working the night shift at Wendy's n is leading a holy crusade at dawn give him a break i didn't know about the lil tay stuff since everyone has been asking what kind of cereal carti prefers 4 gold chains gave 2 to my brothers new pirates of the caribbean looks insane on my chuck deuce shit today im tryna smoke big gas n rob a taco truck or somethin in case u were wondering how my day is playing out a lil tracy n mason ramsey collab would absolutely fuck the country music game up someone please make this happen this video proves that has transcended rap music n is now on his mason ramsey shit trying to change me n carti got a tape dropping next tuesday Xzibit spraying his weed with fuckin Roundup n telling people it's gas oh my god jus got done watching chuck deuce n his character is definitely like raymundo if he ate perc 30's every day n hung finna watch this chuck deuce shit at 12:15 on adult swim n see if this show is about him smoking big gas or if this is all a hoax that chuck deuce show on adult swim looks like they took raymundo from rocket power n made a show about him after h im 1/14 Cherokee horse girls are a whole different breed of human bro how the actual fuck did she think posting this was a good idea this fortnite season 5 preview look bout crazy as shit How can I get a gameboy emulator on my iPhone I'm tryna play Pokmon crystal cops really gotta be bored as fuck bro this is what good pussy sounds like u know her pussy is good if she pulls out a 3DS n starts playing it in bed before she even showers that day play carti's verse from this at my funeral after i flip my ford raptor in traffic causing a 12 car pile up the race has over 110 million streams on spotify and over 130 million plays on youtube this is honestly incredible well SoundCloud is down if u need me i'll be getting my masters in aerospace technology with a minor in theoretical physics where's the best place in LA to get film developed free balling season this summer fellas if the sun is out so is our shrimpy me: hey carti: * * hey man * +whatsup ok ! + :) + me: carti how the fuck did u just say that out loud it's only a matter of time until artificial intelligence becomes so advanced that it starts fuckin selling weed to anyway here's me n i don't think we even spoke to each other but yea Bans just started a fortnite chant at this ham party n someone built up some stairs n started shooting the stage with a purple scar yo if i don't text u back it's because they discontinued production for americas greatest truck the Ford F-150 toda white people bout to fuckin spontaneously combust when they find out rick and morty got a 70 episode renewal with adult swim today yo i might be trippin but i think 21 savage is in my 8am Econ class he sits behind me mother says if i absolutely fucking kill it at my piano recital this Saturday she'll buy me two packs of mango juul if she listens to machine gun kelly in 2018 she will fuckin rob n kill u imagine listening to fuckin machine gun kelly in 2018 would u rather have ur fiance cheat on u while ur fighting for ur country or hand her the aux n she plays a machine gun kelly song all tesla cars finna come with a my chemical romance album pre installed in the car like Apple did with that U2 shit a while back Copenhagen wintergreen long cut twitter is in shambles right now they can take away my Ford F-150 with 3.5L EcoBoost twin-turbo V6 and Pro Trailer Backup Assist but they can't t this is the most devastating news I've heard this year America gets worse and worse every single day fuck this im m i teared up listening to famous by mason ramsey n then i freaked it just because i smoked mid out of a Mountain Dew can while sitting in the back seat of my friend Cameron's truck in finally finished this rae sremmurd album about to head to my sons high school graduation god time fucking flies whe fuck this ive had a swisher in the middle console of my jeep for 4 and a half years now in case life ever gets so rough that bumping this new russ in the jeep god i hope my fuckin juul doesn't die before baseball practice Elon musk prolly drinking one of those big ass cans of monster with the screw on caps n listening to Hawthorne heights right now trippie redd real name is Sir Reginald Trippington Redd of Columbus IV #MetGala fit check #MetGala valee is the greatest who will Soulja boy beef with this year -sonic the hedgehog -the United States military -mason ramsey -the sun -hi soulja boy usually does some dumb shit once a year n becomes the topic of discussion for a few weeks i hope he flex just listened to famous by mason ramsey n immediately turned on the new blocboy jb afterwards n it has me so emotio no one in the music industry has more drip than mason ramsey right now my favorite part about waking up is wanting to throw up immediately after white ppl use exact change for their total once n start acting different the darkest time on the internet was when dabbing became so popular that white people were doing it in their fuckin Atlantic finna sign him love this will be a fortnite emote in a few weeks just watch not a 2011 Camaro in sight. Incredible yo my girl is asleep right beside me so i can't be too loud but let's just cancel the phrase No Cap at this point cinco de man im sad as fuck pump look like a dust bunny in this pic the guys from brockhampton just crawled under the door of the forever 21 dressing room i was in n beat me within in i don't wanna hear anyone say white people dont know how to season food ever again Obama or any navy seals if ur reading this please just send a coordinated drone strike to my location n end my shit today please i need this been awake for less than an hour and I've already seen someone talking shit about chic fil a on the timeline i alre grow the fuck up i miss North Carolina n my boyos found russ's second account dj khaled gonna try n eat pussy later n have an aneurism LMFAO it's too hot out to be hearing about dj khaled not eating pussy im sure it's not good for his blood pressure he's the shit I'm smokin on vs the shit ur smokin i really hope lil tay is a playable character in the new super smash bros mason ramsey can yodel in walmart n get a record deal but i perform a xxxtentacion look at me screaming cover in fr just saw mason ramsey at Whole Foods n he pulled a .44 magnum on me n pressed the cold steel to my skull when i tri Full throttle by 6 dogs n danny wolf we getting matching G shocks and full pac sun fits the jv baseball team isn't gonna know what the fuck to think mason ramsey dropped out of 5th grade to save country music dj khaled patrick star built ass got lost 7 miles out at sea on a jet ski like two years ago n put the whole thing who the fuck names their kid 6 dogs tho 6 dogs is gonna be one of the biggest artists this year this new tape goes crazy I can't stop listening to full throttle that 6 dogs Waldo line is insane just heard 6 dogs says 6 dogs Waldo it's kinda hard to find me, watch came from Finland I can't even read my time today is a good day i can't stop listening to the new 6 dogs this shit slaps imagine carrying a child for 9 months n naming it fuckin G-eazy lost an AirPod in the pussy Feds are gonna clap russ next for robbing a build a bear workshop just watch people that wear sk8 hi's in 2018 are people you don't need in your life who the fuck is thanos is he in brockhampton carti next song title gonna be a full text signature from 7th grade like *)(* WiTh mY oNe LaSt GaSpInG BrEaTh , i lil uzi prolly singing misery business by paramore in the shower right now while his roommates are pissed off becau he really pulled up to a gas station on a fuckin camel Jesus Christ this rap shit is going too far this is a whole that's a fuckin fire stone bro how much u want for that im tryna evolve my Eevee into Flareon white people see a blood moon once n forget how to act PRAY FOR WE LOVE YOU you should always publicly support your friends/the people you fuck with my friend is going to be huge mark my words a gunna n ski mask track would change the world selling the new ski mask tape $45 a gram hit my line first come first serve Im not closing out of the playlist so im still listening to it right now this song ! how much gas do you burn like a hummer! if you need me ill be in my room listening to ski mask's new tape loud as fuck until my wife's boyfriend forces me lil uzi n rich the kid needa stop dropping diss tracks n settle this shit in a medieval style jousting match like real men na me n the avengers don't talk no more just got my 23 and me results back n it turns out I am 42% With The Shits lil pump gonna get his braces off n change his name to Sir Pumpington of Oxford IV what if lil pump got his braces off n started speaking in fuckin old English -wake up -text my recruiter good morning gorgeous -make my bed in under 45 seconds -steam press my U.S. military u I'll bet so much money that someone in the military made a really fucking bad harambe joke today just got back from the orthodontist with lil pump n all i gotta say is he won't be releasing anymore music until he if u got beef with brockhampton u either getting ur ass beat or ur dick sucked i can't figure out which optimus prime my favorite brockhampton member that boy lil pump has had his braces on since 1492 bro when does he get them shits off Spotify only u weenies im sorry i just don't use Apple Music like that my playlist -just got updated -absolutely no russ or j cole guaranteed -Elon musk listens to it before work every m lil uzi if ur reading this i want my copy of Pokmon diamond for Nintendo DS back u have been borrowing it long eno they wanna be migos so bad bro what if 21 savage just said fuck it n got a job at Whole Foods im 2 songs into post malones albums n I've already contracted chlamydia this is tight how the fuck did post malone not name that zack and codeine song pack and codeine instead i was close that boy bill really with the shits man i fuck with this this shit sound so mystical bro trippie redd looks like he's tryna lure u into the crib n perform a blood sacrifice about to say fuck it n start wearing american eagle jeans n saying send it all the time i don't wanna be me anymore this the official fit of mf's that say send it to literally anything when they dropping off white assless chaps that first bite into a refrigerated clementine some pussy Whats wrong with being 20 and wanting to smoke mid? Like I want to buy an eighth for $25, get a Mountain Dew can, the amount of times ive listened to this in the past week is fucked up please get familiar I get it Lil Tracy isn't for everyone. He makes music for the refined spirit who isn't afraid to acknowledge their The code is MOVINGSALE go buy some stuff -wake up -retweet some shit kanye said about time being merely a universal suggestion -eat a clementine -acci the 50 vs 50 shit on fortnite would be so much better if it was shirts vs skins kanyes new album gonna have a 2018 Ford F-250 Super Duty with Best In Class Towing and 6.7L PowerStroke Diesel feature on it man fuck it if kanye is on his yee haw shit then so am i who tryna go to my stepdads ranch n wrestle cattle to the kanyes new album is 1200% gonna have a Luke Bryan feature fuck yea kanye gonna fuck around n start tweeting quadratic equations next , come over we lowering the basketball goal to 8 n a half feet n tryna dunk lil tay from the free throw how many miles do u think u lil tay would travel if she was shot out of the RPG from modern warfare 2 someone gonna get fed up with lil tay one day n shoot her across the seven seas out of a fuckin rocket launcher this honestly woulda been so much more impressive n entertaining if it was a 2 liter of Mountain Dew code red pic on the left is more of a chill fit that i wear if im about to go fuck up a check at Whole Foods or maybe run to i know im a little late but my Coachella fit last weekend was just too fuckin fire not to share with the world if ur wondering why i completely switched the fuck up n stopped texting u back it's because Pete wentz from fall ou bra this man takes all of his pics on a fucken burner phone n puts vsco filters on them the secret science gone too fuckin far bro this Dyson Pure Cool Link HEPA air purifier got me wanting to risk it all right now send beats 19 years old, financially stable, in shape, families healthy Thank god woah vicky look like she eat bugs I deleted the twitter app off of my phone for two days n have mentally transcended to the point that i jus threw a once i incorporate roughly an hour of exercise into my daily routine of being alive n start adequately hydrating th u know ur really goin thru some shit when u wake up n listen to a plug walk remix im alive plug just came thru with an eighth of that gas hit my line if u tryna blow down huge day for two things i really don't fuck with j cole n weed happy birthday to one of my best friends Hit the mid one time for me this shit going too far the next shoe is gonna be those shoes with the toe on them that white kids who wanted to be If you work at a label give me a job please ay! Im looking for freelance and/or in-house work in social media in the LA area or remotely. I'm so serious. Hit this screenshot of me n gonna be framed in the Oval Office one day for the president to look at maybe the best song i have ever heard what if kanye completely switched up from the inspiring tweets n his next tweet was like call me charmin ultra sof absolutely brilliant. available now 2 years later ... being a star changes people shit look like 2 germs arguing u ever be bored as hell n jus wander deep into the wilderness n get lost for 2 weeks n have to get air lifted home by a rescue team if u die at Coachella u respawn at the nearest forever 21 u think there was anyone at coachella wearing American Eagle jeans this weekend god gay for making this cactus someone gonna fuck around n accidentally build the taj mahal one day on this game go follow my playlist before world war 3 or whatever the fuck starts n i get drafted n can't update it anymore beca yodel kid definitely gonna be flexing a Nintendo switch n a crazy new chain once that Coachella check hits his account my friends are smoking big gas n listening to uzi while im in the car with them mother is not going to be happy about this one me & ben on some new shit today don't worry about it squirrel update i think im gonna name him Ben this shoe tweeted this I want a pair of baggy ass trues so bad what if u somehow woke up in the middle of open heart surgery n the surgeon was wearing true religions fuck sundress season its hulk hand season now killer: any last words guy that took his shirt off n took a selfie using the self timer on his phone to use as hi my phones finna die n im in the middle of the sahara desert so u may never hear from me again but get my playlist t chinatown market basketball shorts under a forever 21 sundress but no underwear on so u can see my meat flopping in real ones wearing basketball shorts under their jeans at Coachella i dont give a fuck how hot it is u never know wh a tay k hologram at Coachella would bang pro tip: if ur going to Coachella make sure to drink strictly mountain dew to stay adequately hydrated ... At least i don't even really have a joke about these shits if u own them u probably dress absolutely terrible big mood yea praying for the tape to drop this shit sound like a chic fil a employee bought a CashMoneyAp beat n snapped LMFAO seeing rappers wear full off-white n raf simons fits boring as shit someone needs to pull up flexing full recon arm mf's were born the same year the Declaration of Independence was signed talmbout yea bro im 19 Changed it back yal can thank laura bravest military branches in order: 1. mf's with basic training haircuts in high school 2. Chic fil a employees 3. Good. It is my personal account I don't have another twitter thanks I kinda hate it tho 29.5 with exclusive top grade full grain HORWEEN leather cover. Official NBA size and weight, designed for indoor everyone thinks mark zuckerberg is a fucking weenie for having to use an extra cushion in his seat but if lil uzi d Drop one of the best songs I've heard in a long time new lil uzi is so good bra he sounds like he has a fire in his soul like someone put his Nintendo DS on top of the u a good guy Go run my playlist up n get it to 10k it took me forever putting 50 new songs on that bitch Gonna change the way we see the world It's not going on Apple Music please stop asking me Here's the link to the new playlist featuring jus updated this with 50 new songs go run this up so my family can eat I'm plugging this every day again mf's get AirPods n think they elon musk listening to the format future deleted all his Instagram posts n everyone thinks an album is coming but what if he just uploaded a pic of h God is real n he wears white true religions ive seen it with my own fuckin eyes me n the lads got together n had a flatbush zombies album listening party last night ... shit got a lil hectic chief keef changed music forever in 2012 wearing true religions n size medium hollister tees n now people got full lord forgive me but i might absolutely fuck up a check at hollister today white people love sleeping with shotguns by their beds imagine paying for a sponsored Instagram post just to flex a fucking Abercrombie & Fitch beanie while smoking a gra me n my gf sleep with our asses pressed against each other this shit so fire bro finna slide to this kali uchis show yal want anything yo can someone please find me a pic of zak bagans (the crazy motherfucker from ghost adventures) with true religion what if u got to heaven n god was wearing true religions Left pic still listens to Flatbush zombies ever since i took a break from pussy my reading level has gone from a 9th grade level to and Ivy League scholar level in just 2 weeks the best thing you'll hear all week fat asses are tight or whatever but i can really only fuck with girls that shot at least 80% from the free throw line last season having a fat ass is like getting a full ride scholarship thru life Me n Wintertime starting a charity boys league try outs are next Tuesday at the staples center we look forward to s Stacy Money 2018 bans really hopped on a beat with a fortnite sample n ive just been contacted by the pentagon there ar that yodel kids name on Instagram is lilhankwilliams n that's gotta the hardest shit ever i fuck with him yea she's fucking u but she's still using my hulu account from that one time we talked like 9 months ago n i gave h fuck off josh ur time is up bro we moved on to Johnathan from the new queer eye now easily the most iconic photo of migos known to exist no one will ever understand the bond we share my stats: -106 pounds -52 n a half -cant touch rim but i be getting net -get winded easily -took acid last week n saw chief keef perform last night so if i get into a 12 car pile up n lose my life today don't mourn my death I've -Primary: M16A4 red dot sight -Secondary: USP .45 Extended Mag -Sleight of Hand pro -Stopping Power -Ninja Pro -Sem I don't take normal graduation photos. -fit sucks complete ass -seen more impressive pieces of architecture built on fortnite that bridge weak as hell -lo we out at this adidas away days function say hello if u see me white ppl spontaneously combust when u tell them the office isn't funny u mf's some u-hauls ... always plotting on my next move my last brain cell just be posted up like this prolly this how it feels taking a gummy vitamin once every 3 months fuck flexing supreme boxers we flexing american eagle boxers our mothers bought us in 10th grade now the other day i accidentally ate a gummy bear with acid on it n i thought i was finna transcend this plane of exist i used to buy weed from this guy n we would meet behind the chum bucket these pixel sunglasses that my badass gf wearing are up on as well run that !! Send me pr with my dead mans! ima start dapping people up wit hot cheeto dust on my hands :) finna step out with my new Samsung Galaxy Nexus S8 Tablet+ with 860 megapixel lens n intel pentium 4 processer the very stoked to do stuff for one of my favorite brands my life a book on tape bro cop these at there's other fye stuff for sale too extremely rare family photo of my girlfriend my squirrel and i in some custom Chinatown Market tees we created han Chinatown Market is easily my favorite brand me n Chinatown Market got something coming tomorrow :) finna step the fuck out which should I rock im not in my right mind today bro i almost left the house without a pair of And 1 basketball shorts on under my jea Wish they would cut me a check bra is the future i have no serotonin this fool had those palm angels track suits on deck like 10 years ago n rappers are just now catching on man it's not even noon yet n ive been listening to the soundtracks from need for speed underground 2 and midnight c good pussy sound like the soundtrack from need for speed underground 2 * * * * * *. * * *. * *. * juuls are for cowards i be carrying around smoke grenades n hitting them shits in public someone gonna take this juul shit too far one day n attach a heartbeat sensor from mw2 on that bitch just to flex insane trip to Home Depot. thinking about installing granite counter tops n knocking out the wall between the kitch I Must Be A Pussy Cuz Life Keep Fuckin Me mf's get they flat screen mounted on the wall once n start leaving u on read honestly fuck a disney princess we need a disney quarterback that can average 185+ passing yards a game for an entire season spongebob like im out of breath n also naked :\\) fuck a Disney princess we need a Disney queen that yodel kid prolly got so many hoes back at the ranch me n the yodel kid jus walked in the video game section at Walmart n I robbed it blind while he distracted the work water is for boys Mountain Dew is for men honestly crazy to think that chad muska was pretty much a celebrity at one point in time get in bitch we finna ride around n talk about why we have such a hard time expressing emotion towards things that if you live in LA help me get a job anxiety is taking over my life that yodeling kid finna sign to interscope this is so fucking cold LMFAO a classic i dead just needa start something n start interviewing rappers n internet people n not be corny about it i made all that lil pump harvard drop out shit up n i'll never see a dime from it LMFAO u wearing a taylor gang shirt and it's 2018 im sure u really in touch with what's going on in music people that wore bucket hats n tie dye in 2013 either dead or in jail now I often think about who's gonna be the ones from this whole SoundCloud tribe that's gonna be super washed up in a y on my chest: diamond supply on my legs: galaxy joggers on my ass: the same boxers i wore yesterday in my ears: jus copped a diamond supply hoodie who tryna ride around in my Honda Civic n listen to Flatbush zombies hit my line imagine wearing diamond supply in 2018 belt buckle on frozone got damn that shit is cold Tuh! i just sold this tweet an eighth of mid for $698 extremely rare video of freestyling in a Dodge Ram 1500 with Best-In-Class V8 Engine Towing and groundbre me n bans sitting in a Dodge Ram 1500 right now new wintertime snippet crazy please listen to the auto tune after we caught the dub pussy is whack i only fuck with books now there needa be a option on uber where u pay extra n ur driver jus drives u around while u talk about shit going on how many white ppl u think are gonna dress up as fuckin fortnite characters for Halloween this year even tho it's like 7 months away PETA got a lot of nerve emailing me about the wellbeing of my pet squirrel my life must be diarrhea ... cuz shit been different lately Who wanna play fortnite w me n on Xbox u gotta have a mic n u gotta be good because we are hot dog shit bans just broke the barrier between space n time when he played dresser bro there are 33 dead bodies on the floor this is a tragedy Always i never knew what love was until i held my pet squirrel in my hands for the first time don't worry about what the fuck me n my son are doing this how im coming all year fuck flexing a Rolex im flexing that bussdown baby squirrel on my wrist jus came home to a fucking baby squirrel just posted up in my house my life is a movie bro i swear woke up in a cold sweat last night thinking about how much money a Minecraft breakfast cereal would make this is li the last thing i needed today was more news about timmy thick being fake to surface bro look like he finna suck someone up the blacc chyna way in the thumbnail how the fuck i jus get ID'd trying to buy garlic parmesan wings from wingstop don't try me we on the fortnite dick with it tap in playing 2k tho if u at a label n ur reading this give me a job bein an a&r seems like it would pretty beast johnathan from queer eye gotta be on the xxl freshman list or we boycotting xxl what if a Ford F-250 extended cab got on the XXL freshman list this year n during the freestyle it was jus someone last year xxxtentacion did a full slam poetry recital on the xxl freshman freestyle this year someone is gonna stop still waiting for XXL to fuck around n make a freshman list for producers man if u own a horse n u aren't riding that bitch into the Mojave desert chasing an Amarillo sunset n shooting ratt ima keep it a thousand with u horses bout muscular as shit chief u gay if u got a horse as a pet the fuck u need a pet with muscles that u can physically ride for horse people are a different breed bro ive been telling y'all anyone that has a fucking 800 pound pet that requires of course her name is fucking Colleen bro captain crunch my favorite producer love my gf drake out this bitch listening to Different Colors by n going 126 mph on the freeway like he's need me 1 like this Soulja boy had a 50 in halo 3. Drake could never jus wanna remind everyone that Soulja boy was a gamer and also a rapper like 8 years ago n people are just now tryi we need a Disney princess that can touch rim n is hard to defend in the paint we need a Disney princess that rips her juul in the middle of serious conversation a Wendy's 4 for $4 flavored juul pod would absolutely bang mother said im not allowed to take my juul to violin lessons anymore this house is a fucking prison when we getting a red tiger juul skin imagine whipping out a juul with a fucken VLONE skin on it trying to flex shit got a sexual assault flavored juul pod in it how i jus stuff 6 grams of gelato in a bounce dryer sheet no more smoking backwoods we smoking big gas out of Bounce Outdoor Fresh Dryer Sheets now remarkable jus woke up smelling like Fritos what yall on today up late ... reminiscing on the time paul wall replied to me saying Facts ... thank u paul wall easily the best song you'll hear this week friendly reminder that did it first with hellraiser hardware if i was a girl my pussy would stink bro i know it Good morning bout to go chef Ramsey out this bitch how many pieces of French toast yall want slumpykev is the goat i need one of those planks 980k plays get it to a million so i can see my family again please i haven't seen them 6 months n they don't know w the guy moving my girlfriends stuff to her new place is an old crust punk Russian guy that I'm pretty sure she woul yea I'm prolly not gonna use twitter today ima fuck with yall tmrw or something Tay k bewy hawd why the fuck do streamers buy those $400 gaming chairs that look like race car seats like what happens if u have a Keep in mind that bans served 2 terms in Iraq n almost died for his country while on house arrest the hoodies are tough wow shouts out the good people at half-evil man i am fully fucking with this how did they fuck up this bad bra it actually does not make sense this is like releasing a remastered pack of doubl man my girlfriend's amazon alexa jus butted into our conversation which was creepy as fuck but also extremely rude once again i am listening to slimesito with tears streaming down my face i saw a pic of Kirby with a massive veiny cock on the TL as soon as i woke up this morning but other than that it's it feels weird tweeting anything ab spongebo jus copped an amazon alexa finally Cuff ... you need some structure in your life this shit would be so fye if it was hulk hands instead fuck wearing a skin on fortnite i be going in that bitch raw dog a pioneer how fucken crazy would it be if stephen hawking came out of nowhere n dropped a tape called Back From The Dead 2: The Theory Of Everything soulja boy is taking stephen hawkings place as the worlds leading intellectual mind n motivator to the youth since free that boy he just wants to be one of us jus a sneak peak of today's fit ... i don't think y'all ready for a full glimpse yet goodnight eating corn bread once a week with my girlfriend is pretty much the only thing keeping us together at this point finna eat an edible n transcend this plane of existence maybe watch a stephen hawking documentary hit my line later - wake up - see if she did my honest dm bc i liked her tweet - she didnt - block her - turn on All Girls Ar timmy thick ass is far too fat for him to be some sort of sick social experiment by an Ivy League school why are th timmy thick 6\\5 in dog years ima be the first person to get a dub on fortnite using a iPhone 5c idk what lil uzi is doing right now but if i had to guess id say he's laying on his bed on his stomach with his feet in the air eating candy damn 200k followers thank u i love u all also someone give me a jo mcdonalds gay for using fresh meat now Please help my friend would u rather fight 2200 silverback gorillas at once or have ur girl go to Miami for spring break u gay if u play fortnite with fill on ... what u tryna fill up ... girls with a 23 credit score got the best pussy get on i got percs for the low hit my dm's i played pubg yesterday since everyone attacks me on here for playing fortnite and let me just say that game is hot this the absolute most cornball shit I've seen on twitter this week jesus christ Vmonos! all im saying is the beatles never played fortnite on twitch with ninja u think anyone has ever gotten neck in the back of the battle bus before they dropped on fortnite hope u sleep well tonight glo in paradise stephen hawking shoulda been russ what anime intro is this currently living sheck wes the secret to migos success is that they cook dinner at home n have a night where they play board games once a week big 14 u know what the FUCK goin on im smokin Whole Foods u smokin food lion im smokin Home Depot u smokin lowes home improvement would u rather ur girl cheat on u with ur best friend while ur overseas fighting for ur country or play a russ song when u pass her the aux blackbear goofy ass 1200% runs this spongebob account who sold u an eighth of honey bunches of oats in the school bathroom n told u it was gas bra who hurt u Remarkable the league wouldn't let me hoop in my rafs u ever jus say fuck it n do laundry jus get me to 10k so i can switch up n stop texting my friends that I've known my whole life back man hoes having iPhone 5c's talmbout who want me ... bitch Verizon does u been eligible for an upgrade since 2015 u gay if u got the plus version of any iPhone what u need all that in ur hand for go wish my friend happy birthday girls like it when u throw a flash grenade thru their window n temporarily blind them n everyone else within a 15 f im on that ass like a stretch mark small kickback at loot lake tonight ... my parents outta town til Wednesday ... Ladies get in free fellas $10 or a de people that ever found that patrick from spongebob looking down like he jus did some bad shit picture funny are gen i realized women are far more powerful than men when i saw my gf eat 2 fucking popeyes biscuits in a row without an i jus saw a picture of yoshimitsu wearing foams n it completely turned my day around from being fucked up to being the best day all week today is burnt! i love ... one of my fav ppl on twitter incredible real shit retweet this if u can't wait for summer 2013 since all the tweet deck accounts got banned I'll picking up the slack n tweeting shit like Theres so much I ke live sheck wes bitch im dying sheck wes ! jus had acai for the first time n the surface area of my ass cheeks expanded dramatically my cheeks are on colossal u mall cop ... u paul blart tap in !! diamonds they wet like loot lake ! can't believe women turn 2018 today ... time really does fly bans was supposed to star in the oscar winning film the shape of water but they cut this scene out of the movie bec where can i watch rocket power now is it on any streaming services that boy Lars prolly selling percs now too i got 5 bands for whoever can throw me directly into the sun today hit my line im PayPal ready that Wintertime snippet he dropped the other day could change the world when we getting an international Ford F-150 day this tweet 1200% wears fucken vans checkered slip ons n the same jean jacket every day n battles social anxiety day my plug jus sold me an eighth of honey bunches of oats n this shit is gas winter has officially made his return. Absolutely incredible it's a special bond need one of the bros to hold me close n never let go ... pussy is ight but have u ever had a cold clementine started eating kale recently n i think that i have tapped into an elevated plane of existence i jus flipped a Ford gunner too nice with the vsco filters ima need these chief this is what an eighth of that fucken gas looks like PT Cruiser Extended Cab 4x4 Woodgrain Siding wit Auto-Burst Torsion Board n StarGlide Exhaust Wow I do not fuck with Hollywood harvard jus saw my snap story of my fortnite win n offered me a full ride to earn my PhD in construction management mf's build one 8 x 10 ft. treehouse wit a built-in tire swing n fully functional pull down ladder on fortnite n think they tim allen im tryna get so fire at building on fortnite that home depot offers me a store manager position at one of their locations if u get 50k+ plays on a song on SoundCloud u legally have to start wearing pre ripped jeans n slides everywhere u no more putting weed on a scale we calculating the surface area of an eighth of gas so we don't get shorted for now on no more eating xans we eating clementines now Every Night I Lay Awake For Hours Thinking About Feeding My Girl Clementines Wondering Why She Does Not Love Me Bac the second i saw that mute woman serving top to that human/fish hybrid in theatres i knew the shape of water was go yo dude sorry i read ur text n didn't reply my phone has been frozen for like 4 days from this fucken insane viral me n my girl got matching yeast infections Cade please delete this before coach Johnson sees this and kicks u off the varsity baseball team we need u if we wa it's beast free my brother and also prisoner of war bill ratchet follow his other twitter right through you by bans got featured on Atlanta ... name one time one of russ weak ass songs got used ... ill wait u disrupt my slumber like that n ima get u kidnapped out that bitch be prepared very very important u gay if u let ur barber cut ur hair from the back this fool definitely selling percs now that boy twister from rocket power prolly sell percs now mf's get 4.3k followers on Instagram n switch up N Start Typing Like Ian Connor Out This Bitch gonna be the best project of the year girls that drink strictly Mountain Dew got the best pussy would u be mad if ur girl fucked a ghost while u guys were dating i don't think i could really be that mad at it ! LA crazy bro 12 jus pulled me over n put me in fuckin cuffs for not having vans checkered slips on im facing 4 to 6 imagine having an AR-15 with red dot laser precision aiming, 50 round drum in case shit gets hectic, adjustable bou today honestly couldn't get any better i live in LA now i think Elon musk could never Is whataburger fire or is it mid this shoe jus commented what filter do u use bro on a 35mm film photo Pac Sun champion tee adidas joggers vans checkered slip ons waterproof hair gel 4.3k insta followers Ig the official shoe of people on instagram that upload a story telling u that they just put up a new post like ur not i stopped at a goodwill in Texas today n got an alan jackson t shirt n they gave me an ar-15 with my purchase bans, d savage, n tracy think they the new blink 182 out this bitch well u the type to hop on the aux n start bumping audiobooks out this bitch wow Most soothing voices EVER Young Thug aka SEX country music voice Carti saying What 126 times *nextel chirp* Gett song of the century this rolling loud flyer with young thugs name as sex on it will someday replace the Mona Lisa ima miss my boyos the us government can take my ar-15 but they will never take my fuckin Nerf Renegade Howler With Dual Mag and Red this photo speaks volumes people that eat Kraft singles will rob n kill u that boy Po from teletubbies is fucking 6\\6 n big body as shit imagine meeting him at the rim he would absolutely obliterate u in the paint im smokin drake u smokin josh need Hey Honey Let's Spend Wintertime On A Boat 2 next anime stoner gang I'd rather be anyone else this week holy fuck finna embark on a quest across the country to LA tomorrow im either gonna make it there safe and sound or say fuck being verified would be cooler if it was the 10th prestige emblem from Mw2 instead of a blue check yal smokin loose leaf im smokin college ruled spunky is a hard ass word we gotta start saying that more this year incredible i feel weird bro i coulda played for the phillies yo sorry i didn't see ur text i was watching a video of a girl taking a shot of fireball out of a guys foreskin that my friend retweeted fuck a gun arm teachers with stun grenades n flash bangs jus in case someone tryna ninja defuse the bomb on yo u know in like middle school when the teacher would leave the room n leave one kid in charge to take names of pp idk what lil uzi is goin thru right now but I think im goin thru the exact same shit fuck what u heard if young thug changes his name to Sex im changing mine to Mid yall out this bitch smoking bird food n wondering why u have crippling social anxiety Good Riddance (Time Of Your Life - Acoustic) - Green Day In fucking sane shouts out !! jus realized jehovahs witnesses portray Jesus to have short hair n it really fucked me up who was the barber in Bet imagine trembling in fear n having the cold steel of a .44 magnum pressed against ur cerebral cortex while ur tryin miss my gf miss my best bud mf's better be glad tinky winky giant ass not around anymore to show up to the dunk contest this year ... may his so i'll bet 12 million dollars this girl owns a fucken horse as a pet we getting matching ford raptors in my stomach: popeyes $5 surf & turf box (available for a limited time because it's tackle box season) upgraded to i was so thirsty last night that i had a dream that i was at a hotel with crazy drink machines n i was drinking so someone stepped on my dunks. Chemotherapy starts tomorrow. Devastated I've been lazy but I'm updating the Spotify playlist in the next few days shape of you (acoustic) - ed sheeran yea she's giving u a dry hand job at the movies but she signing my yearbook telling me she hopes i enjoy the summer mf's sign a receipt once n think they john hancock o she let u borrow a wooden pencil yesterday in English because yal had a test n all u had was a mechanical pencil once i get back on a somewhat normal sleeping schedule n start drinking roughly a gallon of water throughout the da free political prisoner n war hero Tracy he didn't even do shit the U.S. Department of defense n the FBI want him u can take the boy out of tilted towers but u can't take the tilted towers out of the boy yea she's fucking u but she's asking me for a pencil in pre calculus everyday n then not giving it back at the end yo im boutta infiltrate the pentagon using enhanced n highly illegal cyber warfare tactics u want me to bring u back somethin my good friend truly blessed me with this hoodie go cop this shit embroidered too finna put on drip season 3 n let the tears flow until i fall under a deep slumber ... text it &lt;/3 y'all can call me the fortnite storm from now on because my circle jus got a lot smaller ... , fun prank make reservations for a date with ur significant other tonight for Valentine's Day then completely fuckin happy Valentine's Day to my numero uno ... my liege ... my ... my mijo ... the biggest of bros ... my proud kindle e-r hug ur grandparents motherfucker they love u bitch i swear to fucking god if u aren't washing ur hair with cold water to add shine, seal in moisture, n prevent frizz this pic fucked me up if ur an artist dm me ur music I'm tryna hear sum this shit a walking juul i kinda fuck with it not gonna lie day like 4 or whatever of this bum ass snapchat update i still don't know how to work it n i just tied a Polaroid p We Are Goals Fuck What You Heard #14 on SoundCloud go run this up !! when yankee candle gonna drop a grape white owl stuffed with a .5 of mid scented candle i could never switch up once i finally update to iOS 11 n can see what emojis ur sending me instead of seeing a box with a question mark it gamers insist on having androids instead of iPhones because androids make u look like a gta character in pictures n videos lil flash naming his new tape naruglo is prolly the most glo gang thing I've ever seen god damn sonic the hedgehog is fucking fast really tryna spontaneously combust n leave this world behind this has to stop streetwear gonna get so technologically advanced by 2019 that we are all gonna dressing like NASCAR pit crew memb what boys mean when they say meet me in the pit vs what men mean when they say it how crushed u think tom brady would be if he checked his sons best friends on snapchat n there was another man on there my girlfriend n best friend are getting their hair done together right now n i have never felt so alone in my life yo what happens if ur in a mosh pit n u pull out a fuckin strap n jus start firing shots at the ceiling do u like w meet me in the fucking pit bro im going to suck ur dick while august burns red plays in the background i feel like mosh pits are super sus if ur over the age of like 20 don't be a grown ass man in them shits getting pu u ever wake up from a nap at like 2 am n jus feel fuckin empty inside , buy twitter n fix this shit bro i can't upload videos in HD this quality is worse than mid rare footage of the only 2 remaining members of the beatles performing Here Comes The Sun in a garage in New York C tom brady prolly wanna kiss this baby on the lips soo bad bro graphic designers dm me = - 4 a c -b x1,2 = 2a Go cop ! Mint hoodie is beast sus new n this shit bigger than whatever elon musk did 2 days ago might fuck around n put a pic of my meat on my snap story since no one knows how to work the new update well enough to see it I'm sorry I can't get over the tom brady kissing his family members on the lips stuff this how it feels to win a game of duos in fortnite tom brady bursts through the door and kisses your husband on the lips ... you're terrified but you don't say a word love it when my gf fakes a miscarriage bc our snapstreak ended bitch im not elon musk i want the simple snapchat back new snapchat update sucks so bad u need a masters degree in biochemical engineering or sum shit to operate this bitch big 2018 shit Slight drip they having rolling loud at tilted towers this year pull up this shit finna go crazy well Elon musk jus debunked the flat earth shit all u bad flat earth ladies out there hit my DM's I know what it's fortnite wins on ur snap story get u pussy do not debate me on this yal will post all those fortnite wins on ur snap story but won't post a picture of ur algebra 2 grade go cop i got the yellow one n look lovely in it knuckles from sonic the hedgehog would whoop jake paul ass my insta is alex1tan im plugging it until i die i turn on slimesito n the tears stream down my face up late ... can't sleep ... can't get my mind off this fuckin 2 stroke Dirtbike please help my friend chris get a headset he's out this bitch sounding like magneto while we are tryna get these fo we not throwing dollar bills at strip clubs anymore we out this bitch throwing doubloons like we sailed in on the mayflower big drip ppl that have their twitter on private smoke big mid the fuck u tryna hide some happy birthday posts for ur bestie from middle school go follow my insta im a real boy imagine being a grown ass man hurt because ur team lost the Super Bowl bro go build a deck someone jus dm'd me this n told me they saw it in philly last night n i don't know or care about football but this yo i swear to god tom brady jus fucken came in my room n kissed me on the lips n told me goodnight honestly go snap on this deal or u kiss ur father on the lips like tom brady weird ass but also they are both fye n duunk n i are on the same brain wavelength i apologize for the final play of the game tom brady is gonna throw a 76 yard Hail Mary using kylie jenners newborn instead of imagine being this much of a cornball can i get a goodnight from some of my girl followers going to the skatepark pull up it smell like upillbeyourgirlfriend in here anybody wanna go to the skatepark later breakfast of kings my dog was on my phone I love my girlfriend shes so beautiful and im so blessed to have her anybody want anything from popeyes good job graduating sis clout aint free tho so i gotta black u out man if u singing the national anthem n u dont do one of them r kelly ees during it im takin a knee halfway t anime time remember this tweet whats the move wheres wakanda in the world cup stepping out wit my first pair of jordans should i uzi prolly dancing around his crib listening 2 paramore getting ready for carti to take him to see incredibles 2 when i say i want a goth girlfriend this is what i mean me n the bros made a edit n whatever tht nigga seans @ idk fellas how we attempting to astral project into her dreams tonight im looking for a girlfriend me n all my niggas suffering from anxiety saw chick fil a girl today absolutely terrified my voice was trembling and i was sweating gm what day are yll goin to anime expo so i kno which one to come too I suck at cuddling... 5 minutes in n im askin why im alive need a gf thatll let me sit in her lap n play kingdom hearts 3 this is a fuckin caption from one of those tumblr drake quote pictures in the crib just sweating anybody want anything from wingstop bloodborne hard as fuck i need a girlfriend with a/c skate 4 pussy selena gomez prolly in her crib rn calling herself a smol bean help me buy some pussy n sign up with my dosh link. we each get 5 bucks and all u need is a card. theres only 2 day anime time national sex day was great listened to my crush talk about the dudes she let fuck all day pull up to the skatepark rn i just be telling white women im from wakanda n suddenly they wanna talk to me takin a lil leak before i step out on this fine saturday smoking mid and crying today national sex day smh i hope uzi stay safe n keep playing animal crossing on his ds lite how she gonna block me on apple music im almost masters and she still doesn't care about me live at going to the skatepark love you how you suck dick but not watch a single episode of naruto gm fellas how we gonna hack into ios12 and delete the measurement feature today i made another account jus 2 chill on i love my girlfriend she is so beautiful and im so blessed to have her fellas, how loud we playing that song we jus found last week on the part where it dont got any lyrics so she cant l new helmet this is a brain damage free zone ladies can i get some comments or rates on it going to the skatepark fellas how we holding back the tears when she facetime us to tell us about the dick appointment she just had tonight im looking for a girlfriend gm blow up my air mattress hours what yall on anybody want fish sticks deadass ayo sign up for dosh usin my referral link n we both get 10 bucks all u gotta do is have a debit or credit card plz incel twitter roll call report in fellas anybody want anything from popeyes going to the skatepark uzi pulled up on rich by himself this man really braver than the troops fellas how we resisting the urge to jus crash our car into a wall today anybody wanna go watch deadpool tried me first handrail yesterday going to the skatepark started watching megalo box very good i need a girlfriend 6ix9ine: pop my booty like a wheelie nigga chief keef: fellas how long we stayin at the party till our anxiety kick n we sneak out the side gate go back home n continue watching Naruto doing her boyfriends homework so shell text you back really not that bad got my instagram @ back plese follow me so i can get a fashion nova deal gm twitter im looking for a girlfriend this dont look like my dad hbd love u bro hope u smoke all the mid your lungs can handle heres a throwback pic of us for the t im looking for a girlfriend who wanna hit popeyes later anybody goin to the skatepark today just got admitted into brockhampton i am brock they not wrong thanks everybody 110k followers no gf any girls on this app wanna go watch deadpool u gotta bring a big bag tho so we can sneak snacks in dm me ladies how yall let a man with foamposites break your heart i love my girlfriend shes so beautiful and im so blessed to have her summer has begun fellas when are we starting her boyfriends summer reading assignment since the only way she texts anybody going to anime expo niggas be going to bruno mars concerts Im diamond and she still doesn't care memorial day edition live at FELLAS: Is It Gay To Remember The Troops? You Might Be Thinking About Another Man ? Im diamond and she still doesn't care live at fellas how we coping with it tonight anybody wanna go on a bike ride today mom gone ladies dm me your number if you wanna facetime do you know whos beautiful... read that first word again &lt;3 . can i join this how lil uzi look at carti after he text him ++love++you!...!+ on pictochat black people got wakanda white people got vsco its fair saturday night watching anime on a blow up mattress with my phones screen blinding me while drinking mtn dew my life a movie obama jus hit my line n said hell break bobby shmurda outta jail wit the infinity stones if u cop a tee Get Your Girl Chief She Be Watching The Fortnite Wins I Put On The Snap im looking for a girlfriend stepping out wit the whip of today gas expensive asf so ur saying i spent all last night memorizing the lyrics to duppy freestyle so i could lip sync it on snapchat in gm fellas how many fortnite wins we posting on the snap today in hopes shell be impressed and text us back having a gf would be so cool thanos gay for erasing the women pusha t bout to get me to smoke a lil crack whats yall thoughts on the a$ap album going to the skatepark DM's ONLY 1) wanna kiss 2) I like your body 3) wanna have sex 4) always liked you 5) your cute af 6) I want you but you can't tell nobody. oh would you look at the time 12 11 # 1 10 | 2 9 jus graduated from high school does anybody want to be my girlfriend incel twitter whats up doing 10 pushups before my overwatch match im looking for a girlfriend day 201001982828 A.D without sex: i cant stop levitating male height chart: +99 firemaking - whose son? +99 fletching- a smurf +99 dungeoneering- a goblin +99 smithing- a anybody want to go get some pizza later i love my girlfriend shes so beautiful and im so blessed to have her broke my headphones everything in life is so painful going to the skatepark who wanna go to the skatepark today home alone gonna watch anime on the big screen in the living room hell yes stepping out gm like for a tbh in your dm Wit My Shooters Check Our Drip thanos so selfish he couldve used those infinity stones to free bobby shmurda and he didnt Listening To American Football Walking Around Universal Studios Alone And Crying who on mario kart going to the skatepark pull up im looking for a girlfriend my first album is done if playboi carti doesnt make you want to get up and dance, fall in love, and drive on the back roads with the wind yall ever just cry to flex on emotionally stable niggas jus heard somebody say hunter x hunter as hunter times hunter niggas just dont care no more damn drake already absorbed gunna Listen to American Wedding by Frank Ocean no longer need a girlfriend just need to learn how to barspin if i started a podcast nd jus talked about random stuff with the bros would u listen last option girls only please just logged into poptropica wheres the latinas at yo imagine if we kissed accidentally i got the shrimpy mam may i PLEaASSeE have sex with you im defending you on twitter dm me if i can #callyou and #talktoyou rode another rail does anyone want to be my girlfriend real ones know anybody wanna hit the skatepark later they gotta ban white women from i love my girlfriend shes so beautiful and im so blessed to have her can someone please be my girlfriend so i can stop playing this at 1 am imagine me with a girlfriend whole simulation breaks having sex - sweaty and gross - only lasts about 5 minutes - pregnancy scares - can get you sent to hell if done stepping out im looking for a girlfriend life was so simple wen all u did was just tall talk about how hot megan fox was in transformers please like comment and subscribe playboi carti die lit** review nudy please release the album playboi carti full name playfulboi cartirious the third best song going to wingstop feeling like floyd in this mayweather new learn so fuckin hyped on this one im looking for a girlfriend u think carti be getting mad at uzi cuz he only eat 1 of the 2 poptarts and leave the other one in the toaster i love my girlfriend so much shes so beautiful and im so blessed to have her any girls at lax just pulled up to the #MetGala niggas judging fits at the met gala with a pacsun tshirt on im in utah tomorrow looking for a wife frank ocean really goin thru it gm Listen to 13 Nuyork Nights At 21 how do i hug a girl i really need a girlfriend im looking for a girlfriend if you time traveled back to 2011 n said you had a video of gucci doing the splits in pink shorts nobody would beli laying on my bed looking at the ceiling and chilling listening to the cocteau twins twitter do your thing anime, no girlfriend, crying... normal saturday night yes im a virgin v- very i- cool r- g- guy i- n- :) cinco de do u think lil uzi could touch rim if carti put him on his shoulders new header can i get some replies do you like the change yes or no let me know this why i smoke mid i did her boyfriend homework then i freaked it what else can they do niggas bout to fight for nationwide free healthcare next when did they let brockhampton into infinity wars my aphex twin shirt smell so bad bruh i gotta stop wearin it everywhere n hopin some girl see it n like oh i list anybody need anything from target carti rapping over his cellphone vibrating in this new song n yall still saying he aint the next tupac better than frank ocean going to sleep watching anime in class ppl wit glasses eyes jus not strong enough cuz they aint train em by watching poor quality bootleg films im looking for a girlfriend bike ride right now pull up if you want to ppl been askin me 4 this playlist lately i figured i mite as well jus post it fellas what time we callin the homie over to take a pic of the kickflip we aint even land n post it on instagram jus 2 hope she see it graduation pic infinity war spolier: young thug killed thanos fellas how u smoke mid n dont got a shirt to go with it. go cop a shirt n ur mom wont even trip next time she catch gm pee on me doing pushups fruit cups sound so good right now daily lil locked outta my crib wit my bicycle and some sandles whats moves pull up laying on my bed lights off door closed air purifier on listening to young thug and thinking how am i failing a class so badly that when i fail a test my grade go up looking for a girlfriend that boy grew up to be lil uzi daily lil lil uzi aint post a pic on instagram in a while carti prolly jus got him animal crossing for his ds Lite n he forgo chilling in class listening to aphex twin a granola bar sounds so good right now smoking mid isn't a choice like being black or gay anime time new video up like comment share subscribe please. me drinking voltage mountain dew with my air purifier running in i need a girlfriend playing guitar hero on prom nite honestly i just want her bafk so much dude at the skatepark pull up rise and grind fellas time to secure the bag (steal 50 outta moms purse) chilling listening to deftones can someone please give emily ratajkowski my number i love my girlfriend shes so beautiful and im so blessed to have her wake up tweet gm hustlers steal 20 bucks out of my moms purse cop fake revenge x storms off aliexpress po niggas love saying j cole so conscious like lil uzi didnt say time is racist in early 20 rager we really couldve built wakanda crazy how lil uzi name backwards is everybody deserves equality nobody talking about that though gm happy 4/20 everybody remember 1 gram of mid = 15.4 blunts if u smart lightskin niggas n white dudes so happy they can post a vid of them lip syncing the new jcole album wit the caption nigga been saying its a cole world for like 4 years nigga get a jacket happy 420 who got crack ma ya mcm listening to jcole album instead of listening to all the lil mixtapes that got put on apple music this week 100k followers still no gf woke up feet in the air laying on my stomach gm everybody what yall on yo i told her i wanted to look like killmonger and she got me looking like kendrick lamar LMFAo what a couple balls got to do with drugs trying to join brockhampton boutta go to wakanda do yall need anything gm anime time i be critiquing ppl that listen to russ n stuff like ion listen to straight up noise getting my hair twisted tomorrow very excited whats up twitter top 5 strongest anime characters: 1. kodak black lawyer 2. white women with a yelp app 3. lil uzi instagram caption imagine if you got jumped by a nigga and he knocked you out and as you were waking up from it you saw that he was d should i livestream a god of war play through niggas with grey nissan sentras just love chris brown and tyga huh - door closed so i cant hear my mom complaining - 3 pairs of pants of my floor - 4 day old pair of underwear on at the skatepark pull up Listen to Lil - California Boy lil uzi was prolly so mad when they took hi c outta mcdonald fountains chilling in calculus listening to young thug my brain is expanding math has never been this easy before gm gm gn twitter Beyonc the best living performer Ok so whats this cardi baby coming out with a concussion im looking for a prom date its in 6 days they fightin over who got the right to appropriate black culture x games training im looking for a girlfriend white people be invading countries for some gas but still paying 20 a g for some mid did it for lil gm fellas rise and grind its friday the 13th how we getting her boyfriend ran over and blaming it on superstitious has anyone found purrps new twitter chilling i love my girlfriend shes so beautiful and im so blessed to have her feel like pure shit need someone to lift me up like how carti lift uzi up to the top of the pantry to get fruit roll ups that mom hid anybody want to start a band jus bored scrollin through the tl hanngin out on my bed feet in the air wow just preached for International World Peace and Equality for Everyone everywhere in song and sign la girls who think the earth is flat got the best pussy uzi prolly layin on his stomach doin colorin books rn thinkin about how to explain his next theory that life is a simulation to us gm girl invited me over for SEX n started taking her clothes off instead of playing barter 6... absolutely disgusted ladies i dont want your nudes let me borrow your charger instead mine just broke n i gotta tell my mom im hanging i dont take normal graduation pictures niggas get air pods and start acting different at the skatepark learning this trying to ride the bowl anime time skatepark rn pull up fellas how long we waiting to send that i wanted to kiss you so bad text im looking for wives now twitter please spread this n help my man go to prom wit his dream girl gm im looking for a girlfriend Check My Drip playin mario kart in line @ six flags all the niggas who peed with the stall door open in school in jail now anybody at 6 flags magic mountain pull up anime time anybody wanna play mario kart wow my girlfriend is so beautiful and im so blessed to have her held a girls hand today wow what a rush rocky gotta get back to this said hi to a girl earlier and she went in for a hug instead of my normal high 5 never felt pure terror till then it i keep it on me (24/7 now) old white women vs store policies gotta be top 5 anime battles gm can i get one back * * * * * *. * * *. * *. * jus got outta bible service who got loud skinny jeans on trading feet pics for god of war 4 dm me gm girls who cool with you stealing 20 outta her purse for renewing your xbox live membership n gas money the human body gay for carrying nut around all the time breathing is so fucked up how do i do this shit automatically cant find my blankie cant sleep anybody on mario kart im selling feet pics dm for info eating quinoa gm white women im moving to utah in may Im Done Being A Thot ask me somn anime time who wan play mario kart wit me and skrong meat this nigga ass 7:45 A.M: Goodmorning I just wanna say ive been so blessed 2 talk to u these past days... U wanna go out sometime honey glazed ham is so good anybody wan facetime i love my girlfriend so much shes so beautiful and im so blessed to have her went to go say wasup to chick fil a girl while she was at work and just could not do it. stood 1 foot away from her can yall follow me on instagram im trying to get a fashion nova deal eating apple asmr aight back to riding my bicycle everywhere gas getting too expensive gn to the women on the timeline can i get a goodnight back going to the skatepark on it im looking for a prom date who got a egg hunt i can pull up at im not a meme account this is real pain niggas who triple text are braver than the marines how the fuck u manual 180 twitter we found her to the worker at chick fil a who picked up my plate and said they recognized me from twitter: honestly i miss us an mam i have 90k followers pleaase have sex with me who gon be the next musician to pee on girls when r kelly gone anybody on mario kart listening to music timmy thick : im 15 adam 22, dan schneider, 6ix 9ine (collectively): oh Yeah :) timmy thick 15 my world has fallen apart that was scary as hell honestly u think akademiks be signing 6ix9ines field trip permission slips ? rise n grind fellas how we explaining the 20 bucks missing from our moms purse that we used to extend our playstation memberships with gm having fun &lt;3 we need a disney princess with her paypal link in her bio we need a disney princess with her paypal link in her bi anybody wanna go to wingstop later gm anybody want fish sticks at the skatepark pull up brushing my teeth fellas whats gonna be our excuse now for accidentally liking their old pictures when we laying on our sides at 11 p gm twitter what we on today i love my girlfriend so much shes so beautiful and im so blessed to have her going to bed anime time im looking for a prom date anybody want anything from waba grill the white man will always try to emulate the black man george this is sad fit check any of my 18+ female followers want to act as my mom and sign this waiver so i can ride a skatepark spring break baby bedtime extended to 10 pm hell yes listening to music playing mario kart i respectfully asked you i do not see the problem niggas that hop on twitter and quote girls selfies all day with youre so cute in hope of getting some pussy are braver than the troops rise n grind fellas her algebra 2 homework isnt gonna do itself this sleep paralysis pack hitting plaid cargo shorts mom ironed my brokencyde tee osiris laces mismatched sent her another text jus incase she just something light just chilling new vid up on the channel go like comment and subscribe please: eating apple in the cowl of darkness as the rain hi eating a apple in the dark tfw no gf naps are so strong its cold asf i need a white girl they stay having heaters in they house homework done fish sticks ready girls invited bouta take this nap real quick Timmy Thick - Genetically engineered super soldier - At Least 175 IQ (how you get 75% extra cred on a iq test) - H baking fish stick in oven fish sticks are so good eating a apple life so crazy boutta go in on this salad anybody want some . every nigga that used to walk through school playing tyga from a speaker in their backpack in jail now i need a girlfriend bae fr? i just used up the last of my 1 gigabyte data plan to look up the lyric u tweeted so i could act like i kno niggas get 2 likes n start actin like they opinion matter or somn i love my girlfriend so much shes so beautiful and im so blessed to have her stepping out feel like pure shite just want timmy thick back moms sleep any girls wanna facetime do they got this on a shirt yet gucci mane clone out here malfunctioning but im happy for him whats the issue exactly iM So Fuxkinq in pain Men , WTFF &lt;3 yes dragon ball super episode 130 reaction dragon ball super episode 130 pussy its crazy cuz i be girls on twitter asking for some coochie but in reality i havent approached one in years anybody wana go on a bike ride yuh tragic . thoughts and prayers for the fake fan. grace is at prom but im at home binge watching queer eye, so whose winning here? dude 13 reasons why was fucking disgusting. how tf can they say this is supposed to help mental health. this is jus im back on tinder and ive never been more happy ian and I are making the coolest video. im so excited for this project. holy fuck bro. I discovered this girl when she had three songs out and now she has her own beats1 show. wow. one year ago today. #neverforget people who dont listen to music for the lyrics annoy me ever feel like u should be happy but like ur not and then u feel guilty about not being happy so it makes u more sad dear marie by john mayer makes me so fucking emo. fuck dude. reply to this with funny twitter accounts pls it's for a project why did i spend 45 min writing a 30 line script that automates an extraordinarily simple task just because i was to man rip fake kaz hirai read this thread if you want to be appalled and disgusted bc it gets worse than the first tweet every lil peep x charlie shuffler song is fire this moment in time is beautiful because only a few intellectuals of this time period can understand this meme. its where was the dang secret service jus smoked a cigar. not fun im at my lowest point rn. i lost the menu and status bars on a vm and spent 10 min tryna figure out how to fix it ironic that i saw this as someone else's liked tweet dang lil tracy and lil uzi vert just changed the rap game paradigm w/ the like a farmer remix when u and ur ex's friend browse the lil peep subreddit together she called me a racist but now im in her friends dms lol this girl told me to kms like isnt it obv ive been trying? new lil lotus arguably best song of 2018 this is so fire it was honestly a bad idea to delete all of the numbers in my phone bc now i only know who im talking to if it's a this ended cancer war is motivation and a money machine. dang shes dropping knowledge on us man sometimes i be feelin great but then i realize skeeter is gone out of my life forever. she stole lil peep's fit when you do a group project but ur group members suck taxes r gay {100000000000000000000000000 rts, 5000000000000000000000000 likes (all by libertarians)} operation mouse trap is happening tomorrow this is horrible advice always thought having a 3some would be fun until i did it. 2 girls are way more demanding than one only had one like on my college decision tweet.feelsbad my only goal in the next 3 yrs is to take james comeys ethics class lmao the angels protect me john mcafee is the greatest man alive rn my thesis was fascinating, it was low intensity but my panel members asked surprisingly penetrating questions. hone wm 21 lil yachty knos whats up when you ignore everything trumps done other than his tax bill we are in correction territory, that isnt really good at all. thats not lil pump rip adrian lamo hope these guys get sued cant believe ppl rly actin like oh its lit wasnt the hardest song of 2016 wow juice wrld is pretty talented smrtdeath & lil lotus next up, lmao 6 dogs was buying sc reposts last year, now he's next up . legendary rip peep, free tracy all i said was yuh the biggest travesties of 2018 are gym class and i crash u crash being removed off soundcloud and youtube 2 years ago.ironic lmfao lil tracy always on one.he's always saying some weird stuff lil peep still ded :/ smh i do this everyday for free A man said gucci gang a million times for charity dang when riemann dropped the zeta function i bet everyone was like, bruh rly snapped i hate kirblagoop so much fortnite is such a bad game the mobius inversion is way cooler than the mobius strip gbc is trash joei razook next up fortnite is absolute trash im trying hard not to bleed out - lil peep in a low quality snippet of an unreleased song -me when i get knocked down in fortnite i hate fortnite hitting a lick is when you drop and take stuff from a chest another dude opened before he can grab it need more people to play fortnite on pc with. add me on epic games @ andrewdouglas12 lil peep x makonnen best album of all time when it drops i might get the riemann zeta function tattooed on my face russ is so arrogant wow imagine fortnite.but no pleasant park multivar cryptography is the future and i plan on spending the rest of my possibly short life to researching it lil peep died bc he said i could live forever if i want to a few years ago and jinxed himself lol i met a tj kid today who told me she didnt even know how an svm uses vectors. crazy sklearn is pretty useful but makes it harder to appreciate the ml algos when u spend an hour coding a primality test but then you realize you forgot to use unsigned ints &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; lol my cs class is learning classes tm lol youtube age-restricted benz truck pt 2 for weed but put logan paul's video with a dead guy in it on trending cant believe that band got gym class taken down after peep's death shout out to no one lmao you still use interior-point methods for optimization? cant be me lil peep got more insta fllwrs dead than alive :/ if you play witchblades at 11:58:27, you'll end 2017 and begin 2018 with when i die bury me w all my ice on. im a punk star . i feel like fish narc never heard a bad lil peep song never heard a bad eden song rip :/ lmao whoa good charlotte performing awful things just changed my life bury peep w all his ice on lmao this mans pinned tweet is a russ rt.coincidence? bro jus saw that x vid thats rly pushing the limits on free speech i thought this was his aesthetic or something smh this man didnt even try to hide it jus conferred w my business partners (me, myself, and i). tcsmerch is back, dropping whenver i feel like it, preorders only, cash preferred. let it be known that i was rly out here for like a half hour aite im done bye sry agn person who mightve waved at me george orwell shd sue konami mr tweet came thru w the likes lol death note is practically a socratic dialogue,this netflix movie has nothing in common w it other than the death note itself and ppl's names crap ppl frm school fllw me here i need to delete this to avoid any possibility of socia interaction tmrw i used my last 67% to tweet this i should randomly start ranting about how konami ruined mgsv like once every week hi nsa lol anyone remember malixxhappyaf? good times i once sacrificed a can of arizona tea for clout like these tweets to increase my self esteem lol am i cool if only i could use my knowledge of graph theory for clout i know 3 ppl on here and if any of them unfllw me i ll subtweet them irl lol u can apply for a driver's license w ur ssn.but i got 3 gucci belts on rn i hope my school will let me have when i die bury me w all my ice on as my senior quote in the activities section of the common app can i put wearing ice anyone who disrespects lil peep should be charged w a felony haha i think someone waved at me as they were passing me in the prking lot today and i jus stared them down i ll trade someone my ssn for a gucci belt dang. i jus realized my social security number doesnt giv me any clout i need to tweet more sometimes when u fall, u jus gotta get back up and fall again spiderman is next arkham w cooler set pieces, bigger world, better graphics, better mechanics, and quicktime events? im here for it spiderman can wallrun?? whoa ok spiderman is sick lol is spiderman developed by rocksteady lol lol watch til end lol #mansionz #dropoutofschool i finally understand why ppl r so hyped to go to wegmans its so great ave maria hpy bday to the legend himself #RWG #FreeGrosso lmfao #two #playblackbearontheradio let's be honest: 2016 was a bad year bc it was sherlock's off year convert to google rip tony hawk hpy bday i hope we pass calc free flow #stfu my emotions went ghost #mansionz i cant wait for pettros ep #bearday starboy is so good xans for tday dinner lmfao echo's direct counter is bandit ahahaha trinity teachers: we arent assigning hw over brk also trinity teachers: we are assigning double hw the 2nd day after brk . wait do ppl not knw ive been trolling them on insta for 3 yrs now im shook man wtf happened how could u kill wes, nowalk bruh bruh hibana and echo way too op what even is a desi dude dude peter came in so clutch w church history notes im glad he came back from korea he's gr8 fat camp will always be the hardest song hibana is like a mix of thermite, ash, and sledge but without a pocket sniper what are u doing ubisoft this nvr happened to anyone #cashmerenoose if u disrespect veterans dont spk to me i knw its not fair this new future drake song is hype life is so novo blackbear stl hasnt dropped cashmere noose deluxe yet :/ she's 2 messed up she only hits me up when its late turnitin is trash does it even knw what quotation marks are she cute but she gonna ruin ur life i flex but im actually ded inside holy carp year 2 confirmed ubisoft isnt completely dum i lived in texas for 9 months dont tell me i cant say yall holy crap jus found mr harstine's twitter do i fllw it or not is the question give me test corrections mr harstine mr lubenec came in clutch by not assigning hw hes gr8 dont tell her i tweeted that im tryna watch house md man dont do me dirty s o to reka for being dumb enuf to not change her netflix pw im glad i got something out of our relationship today is apparently natl stress awareness day are we not all constantly aware of the fact that we r stressed out or is that jus bc im in hs mr hilliard says my essay was fire but what he doesnt know is that i spent lik an hour on it jus giv em a handful of skittles -mom my bro is legit scared of a clown knockin on the door lmao yo a kid w a hood and a bag w dollar signs on it jus asked me for candy think i jus got mugged if someone knocks on my door and says crip or treat i ll slam the door in their face i swr if someone knocks on my door and says brick or breat imma cry man puberty did me dirty too my pituitary gland did me dirty this new a hoodie is so good #SUGAR im sry im done hpy bday wish i could come to the show nxt wk wow when i dont go out on friday i guess i start leaving stupid insta comments i learned more about myself today Fllw my insta 4 song reccs im not sry u liv nd u lrn we both knw I deserve to die 1 rt and i ll delete flex ur way out of here u r not the same im don someone tell carter leach to unblock me honestly i dont think anyone actually reads these tweets hahaha bro what if the weeknd had allergies itd kinda hard to come alive in the fall time then what does bye af even mean im legitimately asking tesla is so cool u can tweet ur location wtf does anyone actually do that how does apple have a middle finger emoji but not a gun one haha my tcs calendar says jmu is visiting at 2:30 am Josh daniels fllws me on this acct rip made it thru june and almost july I believe in my afterlife so sanity i will sacrifice i took a hit of the paranoia im honestly ded nvr rly spoke enuf ok im done with twitter for another good guys I nd to stop At least 70% of my fllwers are randos just realized i have a stupid avi Sm ppl nd 2 stop got the emotes up babies time to stream its not a disorder if I can quit anytime I want I just dont wanna quit right now mom why would I quit its fun an I was in a frat called the Betas and all the rival frats would call us nerds and beat the hell out of us. I concealed carry a Nerf Triad EX-3 btw I have some absolute slappers coming out in these next few months. how can cardi be pregnant if shes not married.? been thinking of harambe a lot lately. this ones for u brother lets go edmonton babies! yeah sorry I dont play fartnite or pubeg bro I play real esports like Fantasy Hentai MILF Simulator IV what if there was edm but with real instruments and singing all the popular viners just work at ihob now. ya Im a producer. I produce SWAG When was the last time this many people were talking about ihop? Maybe theyre actually onto something. The Law of Conservation of Energy, states that energy can neither be created nor destroyed; energy can only be tran If my humor offends you: 1. Im sorry 2. It wont happen again 3. 1 & 2 are lies. 4. Epic bacon jake paul just held me down and physically forced me to da ill pay to suck a toe hmu streaming DORKnite w lets get some dubss If you think the pusha t and drake beef was crazy you should watch the bachelorette its absolutely insane. Hey join my discord server let's freaking go!! beautiful day to crack open a mikes hard and hang with my boys on discord happy bday baby boy. If marshmello was around in the 1930s people wouldve lost their damn minds. Fade Into The Night vid out now!! kanye west took me into the bathroom at his party and asked me to teach him how to dougie crap YODELING PRANKS (IN THE HOOD!!)(GONE SEXUAL!!) drake clapping gif type beat its a hard life writing absolute face slapping bangers every day :/ when u ugh this gif is literally a mood: Kylie Jenners daughter just turned 8 years old. Feel old yet? where we droppin boys type beat pull up swervin in a fiat new juul hittin hard so crazy that kids born in the year 2000 are now 32 years old. Worst part about the weekends is having to listen to my girls man yell at sports on the tv while Im trying to game Unbelievable. I didnt know this was SadFacts. Unfollowing until you bring back the old HornyFacts cant believe laurel kills yanny at the end of the new star wars Yoi Boi : Ninja just played fortnite with Tupacs hologram Fade Into The Night with out now! Stream it baby! new single up on spotify! party time! : shred rocks oh ya dont forget to tell ur mom I say happy mothers day Red Rocks Im on at 5:30!! OUT TUESDAY W red rocks gettin pounded tomorrow guarantee this dude has never actually 69d a girl before Fade Into The Night ft. Micah Martin May 15th mason ramsey + lil tay = next 3 singles done and workin on a music vid rn lets get it?? Blowin up like Im Chernobyl Make it rain they call me Sandy I make her pussy yodel She call me Mason Ramsey parking lot of a pubg LAN party I wish the comet from fortnite destroyed my stupid step-dad cory Im gonna say it. I dont care that DJ Khaled doesnt eat pussy Just got bitched out by a GameStop employee because apparently playing pubg doesnt qualify you for their active military discount. whenever I dj I always make the freaking dubstep noises with my mouth Playin in Baton Rouge tonight pull up with the squaa we turnin up sorry I cant hangout tonight. I accidentally swaged so hard that I yolod :/ me + ur mom = pwned flip off mrs mclaughlin when shes not looking smoke mid out of my homemade 2-liter gravity bong before my parent farted so hard I levitated Im on david blaine mode Coming out soon goin on a lil vacay this weekend. gonna do some cameos on the beach so hmu proud to finally show off my new whip. hard work pays off updated my Spotify playlist go listen to it. new riddim music :#] 98% Of People Cant Spot The Differences Between These Two Photos. Can You? 12:30-1:30!! got 2 high n drove around the Dennys parking lot for 20 mins tryin to find the drive thru ready for epcot!! New Orleans Im on at 12:30 New Orleans tonight baby! oh the vids r comin Tour with starts today grab ur tix here lets go: Eminem: I have some special guests for yall tonight. *Damn Daniel emerges in his signature white vans* *Salt sorry I cant go HAM anymore I went vegan #HappyBirthdayBabyBoyGetter Ayoo Montreal July 7th!! hey bullies heres some math simple enough for even you to understand! youre + mom = gay Updated my Spotify playlist with new music from and lots going to debut my asmr live set at coachella this year i am writing the dub step :) when u hit ur homie up for a reload cant wait to release this new music Sometimes I find myself staring into the sun for hours just letting my mind wander and dreaming about the vastness of the universe. Woah! dropping Watch Your Step when u damn daniel + yodel kid = spent all day putting ketchup packets out in the middle of the road and watching cars run them over. absolutely epic april fools day. LA im on from 11:30-12:30 tonight My rapper name is Nocturnal Emission The Brochelor Season 1 Premier hollywood tonight lets go? done we need a disney princess that knows her times tables we need a disney princess to fight the bourgeoisie My all time favorite vegan meal. mormon kids convos sound like the edited version of comedy movies they play on TV. Yknow. Recently a lot of so called gamers are becoming extremely hostile in the PUBG vs. Fortnite debate and we need a disney princess that smokes weed bro... come over right now... pay me to ask that chick from ur third period math class that ur too afraid to talk to out on a date for you. when u catch ur bro not wearing green on st patricks day LA Im playing at Avalon with on March 30th lets go baby when bae is bae last name: ever first name: sharon please come back baby I still love u gosh dang *toss keys to valet* this is a mint condish 01 mitsubishi. the key fob is broken and I just had her waxed so be when mom says gerald cant come over after school SLC Baby! What about International Mens Day? They should make a bachelor show but all the girls think theyre the only one. Patrick farted juuls are NOT a joke its official... I am online cute outfit bro I PLEDGE TO WORK FOR FREE for any school to help secure the children. I am a retired veteran, 29 years of service, might pop in a couple breast implants n become an instagram model To the kid in third period geometry who keeps pretending to stretch so he can look at my test answers and copy me. x-games mode = activated Bronies are evolving. on x games mode bout to kick flip my juul like a tech deck screw u mrs johnson Hi this is Carl from Carl's Jr. RED ROCKS! Watch this if you wanna see me explain titty IQ Giving away two tickets for you and a friend to go to Follow and retweet to enter Lets go!! jennifer anistons nipples poking out of her shirt type beat Gods Plan video type beat Hoppin on some dates of the Anarchy Tour. Come have fun w ur pals! Insomniac livestream tomorrow! to-do list: -call my mom the b-word -watch fail army videos -get my ex back -drink 2 liters of mt. dew -share Happy birthday cool mustache guy FREsSNo : I also heard Bernie Sanders may be playing the basspod this year at EDC. Logan Paul is playing EDC this year. The only thing worse than Valentines Day is Leg Day right guys?!?! #grind EP coming soon May God have mercy on your soul. You should check out the show Rick and Morty! Ladies, you got $7 to make the perfect Valentine: $200 - Nice Abs $500 - Rich $4 - Does Fast Food Reviews I solemnly swear I didnt poop my pants. TONIGHT! -wake up -hop up out the bed -turn my swag on -take a look in the mirror said whats up -yeah im getti Fresno tomorrow!! Hometown show! Come rage w ur pals! Tickets: NOLA! man... russ sure is kinda corny and silly! my hands look like this so her hands can look like this Day 48 listening to Russ: Im beginning to perceive sounds as shapes & colors. When I close my eyes I can see futu i am making..hmm.. riddim Lord forgive me for my sins. looking good bro! My pornstar name is Stevie Knicks. text message meme: me: a sneeze is 1/8 of an orgasm that means if u nut and sneeze at the same time you will have huntington beach was dope! Giselle if you need to vent about Tom my DMs are open. Pretty crazy Kylie and Travis decided to name their baby Caitlyn How Can Black Mirror Be Real If Our Eyes Arent Real Hm looks like youre gonna have to come and see for yourself ur going to heck bro :/ TONIGHT! Rumor has it Im bringing a riddim producer posse. Tickets: Ski Mask The Hump God Yeah, choose someone else to quote besides us idiots. RT for a chance to win two tickets to ! On my neck: Ice On my wrist: Ice On my finger: My purity ring Ive got a few bangers up my sleeve. caught bruh lookin like a snack so I had to eat him Supreme is short for Supremely overpriced !! Haha thanks for reading guys! New tweets every day so dont forge This is so accurate. welcome to zumiez can I take ur order juice is like the blood of fruit Last name Moseby First name Mister no poopin n peein at the same time call that a double whammy HUNTINGTON BEACH Next Thursday Feb 1st. Word around town is Im bringing some top tier riddim producers there wit yehaw!! they say you are what you eat but I dont remember eating a giant pussy. guys if u turn the number 69 upside down its 96 when r u gonna be 69 fabio mode: activated You know Black Mirror is fake because if a virgin, programmer, gamer, nerd actually created his own custom virtual is there a government going out of bussiness sale snow is kinda like frozen rain cake boss but buddys not the boss Huntington Beach wa$$ted Tickets: If youre ever feeling uninspired just watch old Skrillex videos. missin him rn :,( ay yuh ay yuh ppl tell me Im the shit but I just fart up a storm say I got a little dick thats the way that I was born Alexa, search YouTube for breast feeding tutorials pitbull is the greatest rapper out of south florida dont @ me sorry bro I cant hangout tonight... I just found out Jim and Pam arent married in real life so I need some alone time. were up all night to get lucky oo yeahh boyah FRESNO IM COMIN BACK BABY! Tickets: my bruh = my valentine copped anime is real dont ask who let the dogs out... instead ask. why the dogs were locked up in the first place... cant stop thinking about the blue guys in avatar banging those flying creatures with their ponytails :/ had a dream last night about diarrhea Its Adam & Eve not Zack & Cody 2017 = cool 2018 = cooler suck my big toe baby If you say Black Mirror three times while looking in the mirror you will turn into a phone. just put a tide pod in my washing machine instead of eating it mums gonna be angry might just have to start a vlog Tomi Lahren sucks! (tomi if u read this dm me please) bruh really snapped the whole road head thing never made sense to me. how are you supposed to drive if youre sucking dick? in a domestic partnership with the money what did he mean by this? damn my dick looks tiny today This is the ideal male body. You may not like it, but this is what peak performance looks like. ah :) just writing some riddim :) fellas, 2k18 is about body empowerment. start posting your nudes/dick pics online. Its your body & it should be celebrated. all my homies cute 2k18 Black Mirror starring Logan Paul. If youre listening to your stupid step-dad kevin having sex with your mom at 11:58:26pm then right at midnight you whats his @ Im on at 12:45-2:00 tonight come do some stupid dance moves with me!! anyone wanna meet up n play pokemon go? my mom pretended to call Santa one time when I was being bad when I was 5 I cried at Monster Jam because it was too loud Minneapolis on Saturday!! RT: Mom didnt get me the new android phone I wanted for Christmas ughh. This is why Im atheist This tweet ruined Christmas. if u look like this DM me Elon Musks parents knew he was gonna be a nerd cuz they named him Elon me: . kid with a rolling backpack: kid: mommy where is pee stored? mom: *looks around nervously* The Polar Express but everyone gets motion sickness I Dont Want You To Suck My Dick I Want You To Suck My Heart How come the parents in The Santa Clause dont believe in Santa even though every year theres magically presents farts are blank poopies :) if bill gates is so rich how come he doesnt own any gucci chipotle chips HAPPY BDAY NEDDY SKEDDY cheeto flavored juul pods just said heck in front of my youth pastor Got a PhD in Astral Projection. it's already happening yeah sex is cool but Ive never had sex Just because Im vegan doesnt mean I cant cook :) talked to about how great my life is added some new music to my spotify playlist. go listen! cant wait for vine 2 so I can see all the stranger things kids cursing and eating spaghetti-os and for 6 seconds. San Francisco on Saturday! mom just called my birkenstocks sandals and I nearly had a panic attack. gotta log off to align my chakras. hit hand over the juul and no one gets hurt bro wtf is up w u today... Vine 2 changed you. vines dead baby we vloggin now! Vine Camera 2 guys. RED ROCKS BABY! lord forgive me for what im boutta do Santa Sleigh Santa Sleigh Santa Sleigh Santa Sleigh Santa Sleigh Santa Sleigh Santa Sleigh Spent all night fly to U Call me Poop Dogg cuz I shit on these hoes OMG OUT NOW! Professional JUULer. smoking weed is kinda just like breathing except instead of air its weed Tomorrow!! Ive been saving up for a while now and I truly want to give a huge thank you to all of my supporters. I never coul 12.04.17 If we get into a fight theres gonna be two hits: 1. Me hitting you. 2. Me hitting up my ex to get her back pleas just copped. thank you to all my fans I wanna live my life on gta mode I heard what you said about my Juul and I want an apology or we arent friends anymore. Updated my Effing Bangers playlist dont call yourself vegan if you dont ejaculate hummus Super dope remix/vocals by go listen to it! learning to emit sonar beams from my third eye so I can pinpoint Russ in the astral realm n talk about Xanax I dont look at girls boobs I look at girls minds felt cute might delete later The Manson Family lives on. Vaping is for neckbeards thats why I just stick to my Juul. 80 on my wrist Looks like something Russ would post. santa is comin down the chimney tonight baby!! If Net Neutrality becomes president Im moving to Canada. that feeling when u take off ur condom after a long days work Digital War is out now! Go listen pls. Replacing my command/control keys with please/kindly keys so instead of telling my computer what to do Im asking nicely :) Absolutely heartbroken that my children are going to grow up in a world without Vine. Apple needs to come out with an iJuul DIGITAL WAR OUT NOW! Digital War is out on Spotify now so go listen and show ur friends and RT weed is the gateway drug to being cool Stranger Things but Jared From Subway is the Demogorgon. Day 4536: The humans seem to be adjusting well to their incubation chamber. Biologically were almost identical but Stranger Things but Rick and Morty fight the smoke monster. Does anyone else think its really awesome that the Stranger Things kids are so cool? Haha they curse in the show a Why is 6 afraid of 7? Because Eleven from Stranger Things is really cool and powerful :) Life Pro-Tip: Sit on your hand before wiping your ass so it feels like someone else is doing it. howd this picture of Christian Bale just comment feet? on my girls pic ppl name jeff be like: my name Jeff Digital War 11/20 My new rap alias is called U.T.I. Its Adam & Eve not Adam & Keurig. New merch design. Dear Barnes & Noble, You are alienating a huge portion of potential customers due to your outrageous and outdated If sex is so cool then how come theres no sex-2? just a lil sneak peak. cant leak the whole fit yet Actually decided to cancel the show because of this tweet. hey r u todays date cuz ur a 10/10 I have the worst weed guy ever. If Adam22 is so cool how come theres no Adam23... We wrote music today and its not nearly as good as this song. steve jobs invented the avocado Pretty crazy that Tay-K was only 6 years old when he wrote The Race Best tracks off the Lil Pump tape: 1. Enter Sandman 2. Life is a Highway 3. Piano Sonata No. 14 in C minor $outh $ide $uicide love yourself girl! DuUDE DUDE DUDE DUDE DUDE DUDE DUDE DUDE FUCKING WeD AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA DUDE! My teacher told me I'm a failure, that I'll never amount to anything. I scoffed at him. Shocked, my teacher asked w pretended to have a psychotic episode & smashed a MacBook w/ a bat to keep my brother & his fianc from stumbling a When you hate on me youre disrespecting a future Victorias Secret Angel. They didnt call me baby carrot in high school for nothing! The names Mike. Magic. Mike. Pretty sure I remember the Bernstein Bears being named Quavo, Offset, and Takeoff... sports r for idiots we watchin nascar now ass = eaten Crazy to think that when Justin Bieber turned 21 Post Malone was only 4 years old. hey guys if u need me message me on here cuz my mom took my phone when she caught me watching deez nuts vine compilations Crazy that Kodak Black was actually a girl named Bodak Yellow this whole time. Forever 21 Savage The only trick I learned from magic mike is how to get a boner cant believe offset and cardi are getting married at age 17. what the heck does quavo mean? This is my Rick and Morty Halloween costume :) my name jeff yall hear the new lil poopie tape? Its your uber driver. Am outside. cute couples costume idea Im at the dentist and they numbed up my mouth real good its lit MY THREESOME STORY?!?!?!?! lost my copy of Spy Kids 3D please rt until its found wake up in the morning feel like p diddy grab my glasses aight time to hit the city Trial 12 of experiment PR-69. Every test brings me closer. Soon I shall be no more. Soon I shall become him. Soo Free Pickle Rick Honestly d*arrhea is no joke. Gym Tan Laundry Crazy to think that Zack and Cody just turned 47. Some call it genius Some call it rocket science Some call it magic I call it being a Rick and Morty fan Clout? Yeah Ill take 3 :) copped Minneapolis Wow your hair looks great today! FIRST OF ALL! Omg you look so cute today!! First of all. I know . my mom wants to talk to ur mom before she lets you come over Sorry I cant hangout tonight man Ive got to make some satisfying ASMR slime videos for Instagram. tonight minneap MINNEAPOLIS TOMORROW W How To Make Riddim w/ theres no i in cum I had two girlfriends in 6th grade Some things never change But hopefully I pass and next year I'll move up to grade 7 kinda looks like hillary Riddim Tutorial Pee=PoopFart Dear Dad, Im not unemployed Im an influencer. So I will not stop snapchatting during Papas funeral. Sincerely, A disappointment when eminem said, life is a highway i wanna ride it all night long i really felt it Sam Francisco baby we comin! when u givin it good n she starts moanin like R2-D2 This scene never fails to give me goosebumps. felt cute might delete later moms get a $2 off cvs coupon and act like they blew up I have received official confirmation we only have a limited number of tickets left for this historic night. Tix: #swaq And the Lord said to His disciples, Im Pickle Rick. And His disciples said unto Him, Wubba lubba dub dub. Matthew 12:7 Wow. poop is the new pee What are good iPhone games to play on long flights? Threw out my back while having sex with my roommate. Vlogging can be tough sometimes NYC Friday at Austin let's get rootin tootin wild next weekend! delete your browsing history . Shop till you drop Like corn on the co When you watch Rick and Morty. Cut my lip during a hardcore makeout session with my best friend as a prank. Being a youtuber can be so painful sometimes Felt cute might delete later Daily reminder to dab on the haters Book me to make you a super special video shoutout. Its 20% off today lets freaking go baby! rip hugh hefner if any playboy bunnies needa talk about it my dms are open when squad fams on bae The gifs are in baby! Lets see some super hilarious meme tweets!! Oh yeah! Do you guys want gifs of me dancing so you can make relatable hilarious tweets? when bae looks bae af Logic ft. Alesia Cara, Khalid - 1-800-877-CASH-NOW FLOATING FT. MUSIC VIDEO OUT NOW! what if they made capital lowercase letters 420 is the weed number because thats the average IQ of a stoner. rise n grind who else gettin faded Everytime Im in the street I hear GUAC GUAC GUAC GUAC helping your bros in the shower after lifting heavy at the gym all we do is gang stuff PSA EDM Twitter is a woke people pissing contest. good morning twitter who wants to argue about whos more woke today? ha ha. nice Crazy to think that WWi is going to be fought exclusively by DJs on Twitter 420 is the weed number because thats how many days come off your life expectancy every time you smoke. The number for 911 is 877-CASH-NOW Its all fun and games till you call JG Wentworth 877-CASH-NOW Talked about some inappropriate stuff with and on Check it out babies. Fellas is it gay to be homosexual. I mean you literally romantically love other men. mid-whip hol up hol up hol up we like boyz hol up... we like boyz hol up hol up hol up we makin noise From now on you gotta call me Big Uzi Vert Daily reminder that your favorite black twitter accounts are run by 16 year old white kids. tryna get 'dashian thick Cant believe Kylie Jenner had premarital sex :( Floating Music Video out Sept 27 the sun shinin and the birds chirpin bro why you wearin ski goggles? Used my grandmas Neti Pot as a bong in 7th grade this man Ate my girls ass Honey, I Shrunk My Dick Honey, I Shit the Bed crazy frog Shia LaBeouf (2004) Spaghetti Nipples Dallas baby! : Stoners are only allowed to eat weed. Anyone wanna start some Vine beef? Tweeting this from android so it might be delayed but did anyone feel that earthquake? woo woo : Soon Austin we comin in hot spockturnal Kombucha comes from milking vegans Nocturnal : . tonight babies San Marcos was col. Dallas tonight!! Yeah sorry I can't hangout tonight. I'm vegan. Execute Order 66 My remix for is out now. Give it a listen would ya? I smoked weed once and now I'm pregnant The whole Face ID thing made me realize I need to go back to a flip phone and put my tinfoil hat on. Apple keynote 2017 Jim Carrey walks onstage Apple... doesn't... matter. Crowd goes wild. Donald Trump impeached. World peace. Pretty crazy that the original 'suh Dude video came out 148 years ago today. fellas it's 2017 no more of this no homo nonsense we sayin homo now You have to have a very high IQ to understand Rick and Morty. Without a solid grasp of theoretical physics the joke A billion seconds ago Szechuan Sauce was discontinued A billion minutes ago Pickle Rick died for our sins Feel *burps* old yet Morty? Bring ur bruh, squad, and fam. Don't bring ur bae or it's gonna get lit. Yeah what is the market price of the A4 wagyu prime chode today? Hi I'm Pickle Rick, and welcome to Jackass. Tired of my hair Finally got around to uploading the recap vid/vlog thingy from Global Dance Festival. full vid: if 2 eats 6 it 8 Just added some serious USDA Organic Certified Bangers to my Effing Bangers playlist. 9/14 Next Saturday My ppl are getting some more shows booked rn. Where do you wanna see me? Oh great, you're vegan?? What's next are humans gonna be allowed to marry dogs?? The first condom made for virgins. need to find a friend w benefits but the benefit is being hella good at making guacamole. RIP where all my ladies with long ass nipples fuck around n join a pyramid scheme Hey Vegas this is the set times for tomorrow :) u should watch me play :) haha it's gonna be fun :) haha :) There's gonna be a music video for Floating crazy frog hey man do you think it kinda smells like updog in here? damn it honestly smells a lot like upsexy in here Like they say. What happens in Vegas Happens in Vegas! want to see beuaitful nacked girl I don't care about the fight. We've got a president to knockout! 873K 2.4M Fellas don't u think boxing is kinda gay...? I mean it's literally two half naked, sweaty men passionately beating each other. Blind Date Life is just one long vine. Dear mom, They aren't sunglasses they're my clout goggles. Therefore, they will be staying on for the remainder of the church service. I eat ass like you for breakfast. Okay seriously I'm getting sick of the jokes. Where the heck do babies come from? iced out puka shell necklace book me to make u cool vid ;) Sometimes I'll brainstorm for hours coming up with ways to become more vegan. Newest idea is tomato shoes. Remix for coming soon! : Floating ft. now! Eclipse joke LMFAo 486k 1.3M tonight will be wild Heavy vibes bro Flip off Mom Pee in Mrs. Mclachlan's yard Call the math club stupid Kiss Jen and touch her boob Make my Dad love me trying to explain my heritage Just realized Seth Rogen's name is Seth hahahahahaha Floating Out 8/21 Happy Women Crush WCW Wednesday everyone! Hope you have a great day! All aboard the train to Coolsville. Population: Me My date was supposed to meet me here so I ordered her favorite stuff and she stood me up Homie only weighed 5lbs 3ounces out the womb n he tryna act like a 7 pounder Ragin hard or hardly ragin? : P- please L- excuse U- my dear R- aunt sally : I updated my Spotify playlist. Go listen. or else. moonrise I'm on in 15 mins bro ur sidetitty looks great today who is she all my homies vegan Sucked on an almond for 20 mins and no milk came out Bro how much did you weigh when you were born? dang If there's North Korea and South Korea then how come there isn't a North America and South America? Happy birthday birds r like chickens that can fly Webster Hall! : snuck a sip of moms mimosa at brunch haha turn up Yeah sorry I can't hangout today because game of thrones is on later. Webster Hall Wo!! Webster Hall I'm on 1:30-2:30 tonight we goin hard er...? seriously dawg. watch your micro-aggressions when ur around me Some call it stupid Some call it different Some call it gay Well I call it being a Viner Alright I know I joke around a lot but seriously what the HECK does a vagina look like? 08/21/2017 find u a bad bitch that knows her times tables my toilet is my happy place :) New track coming soon. : shoot roommate with gun push mom down stairs tongue kiss my brother come out as gay (as a joke) alright time to upload the vlog! it's me! Turned the smooth jazz up to 11 this morning. Gonna be a wild Friday! It's all fun and games until someone opens up Vine Camera Had my friend Bryson Heartwell take this pic of me just after 10pm last night. My parents were asleep and things go Elon Musk invented electricity. My left meme just went viral! Haha Just found out Vine passed away. RIP Donald Blumpf sure is a big ol bozo!! - 489.3k - 982.1k This is active duty Marine Corps Staff Sergeant Johnathan Cena. This is who Donald Trump wants to kick out of the m 5play Updated my Effing Bangers playlist. Go listen to it jabronis. And lets dispel once and for all with this fiction that Jake Paul doesnt know what hes doing. He knows exactly what hes doing. 2017 pregnancy announcement: hello every1 we r bringin a lil smol bean hooman into da worl (: they/them will ploop out on 08/17/2017 fuck around and have a vine meetup posing with my queens : we freaking raged : I'm on the main stage at 4:30. Let's freaking party my guys. Dads can telepathically communicate through Dave Matthews Band lyrics. fidget.. SPINNER my cousin just turned 6 yrs old he calls himself lil juice box LMFAO little man doesn't even rap he just pops xans n drinks lean. Darth Vader dies in Game of Thrones LMFAOO 43.7m 200.4m You ever see a girl with big ol\\ boobs and are like dangg I wish I had boobs that big. Happy birthday I was scared of you when I first met you. I'm a 20 yr old photographer who recently quit his job to do photography full time. A simple RT could really help m Just transcended my mortal dimensional plane. God I love kombucha! art hoes out here naming their kids Rumpelstiltskin listens to X once XXXTentacion changing his name to Zxylorkimus Prime IV cov- wait for it. FEFE if 16 I'm 16 behind the scenes photo of X preparing for the cypher any fellas wanna go to the amber rose slut walk w me? (don't tell my mom) ready for game of thrones wake up: put on ironic t-shirt use my Axe Pomade #ad fill my house with elephant shit as a prank aight time to upload todays vlog XXL Freshman Class 2017 Updated my Effing Bangers Spotify playlist. Listen to it on a beats pill in a mall food court. I'm a CUCK. C- I get off U- To my C- Wife having K- Sex with other men happy bday serious poopage! Give this man a comedy award! windows r like paintings of the outside feelin cute today might delete soon crack open a gentle kiss on the lips with your boys rt if pizza is literally ur spirit animal when u have a stepdad named cory mother took away my weed socks again :( feelin kinda cute. might delete later #NationalKissingDay Thanks for bringing me out at for my new collab with Watch Your Step . : Happy bday parkie boy Happy 4th of July to everyone except communists. Just got to grandfathers cabin for the annual 4th of July BBQ :) u can't be a dick ted to weed dumbass lmfaoo This guy grabbed my ass, I dragged him out in a chokehold, he slammed me into a wall. And is crying like a bitch wh Listen to mine and new single on Spotify: Watch Your Step with is out now!! #Kony2012 good morning to everyone except the people getting mad about a damn twitter hashtag Happy birthday O brave new world! See you soon For my bday this year I want to be Quavo. Look at me!! I am the birthday boy now :) haha it's my birthday I'm 22 :) Thanks Parkie Poo What the heck is a left stroke and why would it go viral? made a playlist of effing bangers New song with out this Friday, June 30th! It's Adam & Eve not Lilo & Stitch Get Out 2 (Coming 2018) born again virgin but I was only born once planking is fun and cool (: sorry ladies but if ur boyfriend isn't 10th prestige with all camos then you got a girlfriend who wanna collab on a harlem shake vid? just did sex really hard to this hot chick she loved it and was like oh ya ur doing this sex so good and hard and we did so much hard sex Life is getting really freakin crazy. I learned more from minecraft than I ever learned from school -Albert Einstein crazy frog took my virginity what's good? Thanks for bringin me out at EDC. collab with coming soon It's a collab w coming out soon what redbone sounds like at 5am on a 2 hour shuttle bus back from EDC and you really just want to sleep Alright we just need an email address to complete the form. Yeah it's um zackandcodyrhot8 EDC 2017 Checklist: Pasties Suh Dude totem 4 hour Uber Doing ketamine under the electric sky Day 2 let's go art hoes love talkin about armpit hair pull up strapped crackin open a cold one with the boys Hey this remix I'm finishing up for you is sounding pretty freakin bangerlicious. my girl hung like a horse how moms act when they got a $2 off cvs coupon He's looking into a light. Wait can you say that again? Sorry bro I just get so lost in your eyes I can't concentrate on what you're saying and for a second we're one. You can't contour your bad attitude sweetie Learn the difference between emo and goth. You never know who you might be talking to - Kool-Aid Jammers - Flamin Hot Cheetos (Family Size) - COD MW2 Jake left at my house Being grounded isn't so bad after all I wanna be a milf showing off the sick new stuff #tbt It's Everyday Bro. u already know what tf goin on I like the Tasty page on Facebook so I think I know a thing or two about cooking. Happy birthday to the one and freakin only i know how big all my homies dicks r. call that telekepenis preparing for a debate vegan girls armpit chakras must be healthy cuz u can smell them from a mile away I have transcended into my final form. me (yesterday): hmm what jokes shall I make today on this stupid website? me (now): covfefe covfefe covfefe covfefe covfefe covfefe covfefe You're* Alt-right twitter on suicide watch You're covfefed Grab them by the covfefe me: hey trump: covfefe twitter: HAHAHAHA Covfefe means family. Family means nobody gets left behind or forgotten. Hey Demons is on Spotify so go listen to it and add it to your playlists and show all ur friends teenage Loving my new Kylie Lip Kit!! Got the new Amazon Firestick! Bro your cuticles look amazing Mocha Cream Double Vanilla Whipped Cream Coconut Breeze Trapaccino Light Ice Blended w Extra Mayo I'm basically a vegan that eats meat. Demons out now for free download!! Hey how many retweets for a chicken nugget :) bro I just love waking up to you every morning and going to sleep in your arms Mrs. Doubtfire (1993) New track out Friday!! Bored Teenager unboxing You're not a true vegan until you have a septum piercing and a mandala tattoo. Fidget Spinner Trick Compilation [INSANE TRICKS] (NEW:2017) {BASS BOOST GONE SEXUAL} Lost my virginity to my homies hand. Hey mom, This isn't a toy . It's my fidget spinner. It's a therapy tool. So no I will not, put it away during grandpa's funeral Don't talk to me until I've had my morning fidget spin. nervous carpet installers first day OKC baby! I'm comin for ya!! lil uzi verts mom calls him every night to tell him a bedtime story spell iridocyclitis This handshake is seen as a sign of royalty and respect among the elite. All ladies are queens but only certain queens can be a MOM. M- Boss O- Ass M- Bitch Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there! (MILFs my DMs are open) why don't you turn 360 degrees and fidget spin your way out of my life. The mark of an Urban Outfitters customer. these outfits come with nipple piercings dressed up nice for grandpas funeral I like to FUCK. F- Treat U- Women C- With K- Respect Hosting Radio tonight w and ... woop woop Ouch. Hit the whip so hard I got arrested for domestic violence I don't usually believe in love at first sight but the way she spun that fidget spinner made me lose my mind. Im actually super into politics. I just call people \\libtards\\ or \\cucks\\ and watch how triggered they get. *sucks vape* Why'd they call it public hair if it's on your privates? wew my new pentagram tatoo!! take that religoin! How do you feel knowing the most retweeted tweet of all time is from some curly headed nerd begging for chicken nug schneedle deedle hee hee :) hey there cutie :) we should totes magotes hangout :) haha u there? sorry that was my friend XD xxxtapatio Notorious O.B.G.Y.N. if your guy is under 6\\14 he's a girl They should make a place that's like chipotle but with sandwiches instead of burritos. Slammed back a few coconut waters. Feelin wild. productive day Is that a fidget spinner in your pocket or are you just happy to see me? When a puppy humps a stranger's leg in public it's cute & funny but when I do it it's felony sexual harassment ? cinco day! But then we wouldn't get to have the super uncomfortable convos with people who think we're the other person! ocean breeze Ah you have fallen for my ruse! I frequent the meme boards of Reddit and iFunny so I think I know how to goof on the Internet! - Alt-Right don't talk to me or my son ever again xxximgay :) shrimp creature lil yachty is 12 just woke up ahh time to check this stupid web site breakfast in bed Is that a vape in your pocket or are you just happy to see me? when u don't get invited to the gay freakin frog orgy b2b2b2b2b2b2b2b2b2b2b2b orange juice mouthwash EDM activated Top 3 XXXTentacion songs: 1. Life is a Highway 2. Sk8er Boi 3. Gangnam Style Honored to announce that Steve Gordon at Circle Talent Agency will be my worldwide booking agent. Future shining br Trump just banned the game Uno from the U.S. To be renamed One chef boyardee Yoo Coloradoo! See you cutie pies at Global Dance Festival in July! Tickets: The sample pack I did with comes out tomorrow on !! crud thanks for supporting the new release! every day we stray further from god x games mode engaged is aioli the thing around the nipple? Did an interview with so read it and learn stuff about me and stuff Spread Collective Lil Yachty works at 7-11 bro, ur dad looks really good in his swim trunks :) happy earth day to everyone except vegans grew a boner for earth day happy 4/20 to everyone except pot smokers AAhh! me after watching a flat earth documentary on youtube This is Jimmy Neutron today. Feel old yet? Yep I have changed a lot since I was 15. LIMITED EDITION FOUR EYES SHIRTS AVAILABLE NOW! MY NEW SINGLE FOUR EYES STREAMING NOW ON everywhere else on Friday. hoppy east save a horse, ride a cowboy! Coachella Weekend 1 let's do this coach ella taught gym at my middle school Oh crud! Four Eyes out April 21st! me n my bros share a urinal Ya I kiss my bros No I'm not sayin no homo :) rt if ur down to kiss ur bro at any time Yeah I'm really into politics that's why I'm voting for Pedro. gosh darnit I just dropped the freaking bass :) What's it called when you have a threesome but there's only two people? Let the candles burn! And have a good birthday! Haha I just tried yoga for the first time and now I'm hovering above my body and can hear animals thoughts please send help. If this gets 1000 retweets I will tweet a very funny joke! Adolf Hitler's Plane (1943, Colorized) I'm not vegan I'm woke. but you wouldn't know the difference. Imagine being this woke. You're vegan if you own pants like this. if the grand canyon is so big why don't they just call it the big canyon ? They see me bowlin They hatin never stop don't stop believing. Oh you rave? Well I behave!! :) - Brandon (goes by Brando) - Works at the Bowling Alley - Borrows his mom's van - Complains about being broke but s - Chaz - 32 in dog years but still acts 24 - Drives a Porsche - Always says Sup Fag! - Only dates Poodles pucker up buttercup I love 3 things. 1. My Faith 2. My Country 3. My Guns Don't like it? Then get out of my way. You can't bake your cake and eat it too. Facebook would be cool if I cared that James from my high school chem class thinks Donald Trump is literally Voldemort. Oh you lost your virginity? That's cool. I won mine Darn it feels good to be a gangster :) coordinated hand signs savage mode: activated My dream job is writing jokes for popsicle sticks. I'm in Miami chick one time I stayed up 15 minutes past my bedtime. . APRIL FOOLS I didn't wait 30 minutes after eating to swim. grind to live, live to grind Mile High (selfie) Club! Donny T please save me. Wanna hookup? Lick my fuckin shin bitch Sorry ladies I'm married .. . MARRIED TO THE MONEY ur a freaking derp xD Just 2 buds blastin Nickelback sick dance moves I wish I had a cool lesbian nickname like T-Bone or Patty Melt ok seriously what the heck does a vagina look like BINGO! Trying to get a cool crowd shot and some tool photobombed me. Rain Man (1988) Riddim DJ Hospitality Rider: My other car is the short bus. Like a queef in the night. bad guys!! : Minneapolis tomorrow w and It's not very fun. But Miami here we come baby. How do I join I play minecraft Imagine being this woke popped a few viagra. feelin wild pooping in the shower MIAMI COME FREAKING PARTY! tix: me: Shirley Temple please waiter: can I see ur ID? me: it's non-alcoholic. waiter: yea I just can't believe a grown man would order one Amen, Brother. Oh you don't believe in Gosh?? Have fun in Heck! I wish climate change was real so earth could become a big hot sweaty hell and all the cute gay guys would take their shirts off. freinds (: can't believe jim and pam got a divorce can't believe kids born in 2005 are 46 years old already Weo Weo NEW SONG W My nickname in high school was Sloppy Joe. I'd never block my favorite vegan riddim producer!! oo : 23/x/Hell My name is Josh but I go by Damien. 23yo morticians apprentice. Choke me like one of your French girls. 29/m/Ohio Sup ladies I'm Steven! Professional twitch streamer with a love for all things Warcraft! Swipe right to Sick meme dude! So you can fall for the meme that voting for evil makes it not evil anymore. Daily reminder that socialism is communism and should be treated as the abhorrent evil that it is. drakes new album is gonna be a straight edge vegan album. Im vegan because I want to be healthy and balanced. My body is a temple. *drops 3 tabs of acid on tongue* unbox me baby ;) If boys have balls then what do girls have? who wants a boob massage? when u reach over the punch bowl for some pretzels and your hair falls into the punch bowl and ends up dying the ti I wish I was good at basketball so I could get taller. I wear my teams jersey on game day. = I beat my children if my team loses. 1. I love my country 2. I love Monster Jam 3. Stay the h*ck outta my way My dad was an anime character. new whip NEW SONG MARCH 17TH! x Spock - Speaker Jam I'm dying I need vape-to-mouth resuscitation Heck yeah say it to my face not online. see what happens International Anime Day If girl babies are born from vaginas. Then where the h*ck are boy babies born from? *unlimited money activated* Look at the size of these grapes Spaghetti-O's over ice Missed Connection Hot Dog on a Stick employee at the Westside Pavillion licked her lips while dippin my dog in batter. Please contact me if hel,p i am lo.st in mall food co ourt Life Hack Freeze your cans of soup so you can eat them like popsicles :) Oh you like anime? Then what does this mean? NEW SONG WITH to respect women Ignore to disrespect women Paid for my college education in Box Tops. Oh you love women? Name three. Tyga is so lucky that he's with Kylie Jenner. So many people watch her Snapchat and he's in them sometimes I'd give anything to be in one. Vine actually shut down because my vines were so good they kept crashing their servers. Bitmoji Porn You like what you hear? ;) Whenever I look up into the stars I know that Simba's dad is looking down on me. wOah A$AP Fruit #shredcollective 2014 Oh you love Jesus? Name 3 of his Apostles. This is the future that liberals want. my stepdad owns a gun you better shutup Miami March 23rd!! We got the crew comin through! . playing one of my new ones ;) How We Met Story 2017 I'm like a black friday sale, I only come once a year ;) I fw the vision bro, let's build. I have a hard time producing music that sounds vegan. ~a~e~s~t~h~e~t~i~c~ Just packed up my lunchbox, put on my shoes, and walked out the door. I'm running away from home... Everyone needs to read 1984 by George Orwell. If I had a symbol for every gender that existed. I have a confession... I voted for Dronoldo Schlumpfkins 2016. Wanna have a sleepover? Let's get one thing straight. I rave. Star Light. Star Bright. 1st Star I See Tonight. I Wish You May, I Wish You Might. Be My Date On Sadies Night? my dad invented microsoft. No. My nephew just did xir own gender reveal cake now that xe is 8 and decided what gender xe is! It was purplish-yellow-green-red! Beautiful demonstration of a peaceful protestor holding their signature 'tolerance candle Try turning it off and back on again. Oh you think your life is hard? I just poured cereal and realized I'm out of milk. I literally can't think of anything worse. It's physically impossible to look cool while playing Dance Dance Revolution. Now offering Dance Dance Revolution lessons. Finally set up my bottled fart collection. valentine's bae I'll give you 10 bucks for a verse hmu Vape juice unboxing from thank you guys so much u guys rule Study Finds 95% Of People Can't Spot The Difference Between These Two Photos. Can you!? EFFING CRUD IS OUT NOW!! I roll my joints with toilet paper The only Grammy that matters to me is my gramma Shirley :) love u Grammy :) Word around town is me and might fist fight on the livestream tonight :) *walking my dog* bigot: aw he's so cute what's his name? me (a progressive): my dog is gender non-binary and prefers xe/xir pronouns thx Decided to take my wife's boyfriends last name so it's not awkward for their son. I do yoga to widen my manspread. It took me three tries to get that pepperoni tweet right. I'm a perfectionist what can I say. Pepperoni is the filet mignon of Italy Spocky Unchained Step 1: Stop writing articles like this. How did they know all of the presidents were gonna be born on the Fourth of July? Lucky you, they call me that because of my extra testicle. Talk crap about me? Okay. Talk crap about beyblade? Catch me at your funeral letting it rip all over your coffin you pathetic scumbag. JuSt InJeCTeD MONSTER ENERGY DRINK inTo My BlO0dStReAm HoUsToN We HaVe A pRobLeM just made a delicious case of deeya :) Cooking tip: Marinate your hot dogs in a ketchup & mustard mixture for at least 24 hours before microwaving on HIGH for 45 seconds. Dr. Pepper + Colgate Toothpaste = (trust me it's So good) Everyone remember to get out and vote today! Tom Brady and Mike Pence just made out! Lady Gaga absolutely SLAYED #SuperBowl halftime show is crazy! super windy warburton bee movie + fifty shades of grey = massive fukcing boner The best part about astrology is being able to dismiss responsibility for your actions. tips for being a wingman: kiss ur bro in front of hot girls so they know he's a good kisser u ever just look over at ur bro and ur like. wow. those lips. when ur bro has a hot ass n ur like. dam what the hell is a chalupa Being vegan IS NOT a choice My dad invented veganism Comic Sans knuckle tattoo stars are fairy farts Did you just assume my gender? Effing Crud drops Feb. 13th!! I've got a fever. And the only prescription is more anime. do u guys want a new song? My new alias is Cock and I wear a penis helmet to DJ. Skinny gal Thicc personality You can get married three or four times but prom is a once in a lifetime experience. dang girl u make my peenus weanus hard :)) haha :)) my weenus peenus :) Do all Hispanics name their sons 'mijo? Sometimes I stare at the moon for hours wondering how the sun hasn't melted it into nacho cheese by now. What time do you play tonight klint keeps lying to me hmu I work at a record store and run a vegan recipe instagram Ban all Juggalos. chodes are old news.i've moved on to schlongs I'm a muh fuckin vegan boy Hey vegans! .. ... I've got some meat for you ;) I'm vegan! #ThingsSaidWhileHavingSex Hey vegans... I love you :) I want to kiss every vegan in the world :) I'm gonna go watch crud all over la tonight and u should too! What came first the egg or the roll? First name: Ever Last name: Greatest pepperonitron9000 It's always been a dream of mine to be the First Lady. Don't do it. I hate that angle in porn where it just shows the guys butthole and balls. I obviously want to see both the dicks. Your typical riddim producer. what happens in vegas. I do solemnly swear to eat the ass The whole ass And nothing but the ass Anything the government gives you for free means that they are regulating it. #Inauguration Traitor Joe's They should have mini-golf in airports. new president who dis Las Veges: The City of Angles Vegas I'll see you guys Thursday get u a man that can do both smokes weed once. m i member You have $5 to make the perfect man. $40 - Clear Glasses $20 - Caring $70 - Cool Long Hair $10 - I'm not good at math but u can have me ;) You have $5 to make the perfect man. $100 - Tall $300 - Handsome $700 - Rich $200 - Well hung $3 - Riddim Producer $2 - Vegan My mom makes me chicken tenders every day so don't lecture me on being a tender lover. Hot girls can get thousands of retweets. how many retweets can riddim get? hey. : Josh Pan's real name is Zophram X174. The starter pack. wow girl r u today's date cuz u r a 10/10 Listen bud, I've been going on iFunny since the 8th grade so I'm pretty sure I know a thing or two about trolling. when u just coughed ur lungs out n ur homie ask if u good Hard to believe he only has 8 more days as president Go get yourself a nice shirt! Nacho Grande is Spanish for Grand Canyon Figuratively: All at once through my skullcandy earbuds. Literally: I still haven't had sex yet. money $ign boy$ : she think she dancin on my dick but that's my guac DDR is the anime of arcade games. Listen here chief, my best friend played the oboe in 5th grade so I'm pretty sure I know a thing or two about blowing. 1 like = 1 kiss Keep scrolling and u will NEVER BE KISSED AGAIN : omg becky look at her butt ;) The best part about Facebook is you can see how lame all the popular kids from high school are now. Bro you have voluptuous nuts :) People told me slow my roll Im screaming out frick that Before you make fun of me you should know that my dad used to work out in college :) yeah walk away pu$$y :) you walk in ur room and see this. wyd? Can't believe it's already 2008 old ppl like: I haven't pooped since Vietnam imagine if ur ballsack was full of fried rice rain drop drop top frickin ur chick in my croc crocs This is a serious post :) I'm now a part of the roster. Inquires: klint Yeah Coachella is cool and all but have u ever been to Heaven? =-] don't come to school tomorrow 213 GALZ: -flip off my mom -do sex -smoke wheed For all the people that thought 2016 was bad. just wait. Can already tell 2017 gonna be crazy no it's alcohol drinking this sh*t st8 tonight. Happy f**ckin new year 2-0-1-17 z.!! Easy Breezy Beautiful Perfect girls don't exi- Dr: You have adult onset diabetes. Idiot: Aw man! Thanks 2016! Dr: Actually this is from many years of poor diet and lack of excercise. snitches get bitches in n out.n in.n out. This is my step-mother Sherrie. She just got diagnosed with glaucoma. Please keep her in your prayers. Guys who eat beef jerky punch girls. Guys who eat turkey jerky punch like girls. Just stubbed my toe. Can it just be 2017 already $outh $ide $uicide (Kids Bop Remix) Magic Mike Marathon Maybe someday hey girl r u today's date cuz ur a 10/10 when ur 7 and get an iphone for christmas For everyone complaining about 2016 being a bad year maybe you guys just suck because 2016 was one of the best years of my life. Spockie Claus There's a pube fairy that sprinkles pubes on all public toilets. loving the new hair come to this tonight in LA Don't talk about rap music unless you've read this book Happy birthday lil cutie patootie . why are you trapping so hard? jingle bells Happy bday u lil blue eyed beauty bet I have more money than u We'll see who's laughing when I speed away in my 96 Honda Civic. all I want for Christmas is to be an instagram model Every store that sells chakra crystals smells like patchouli and B.O. find me under the missile toe Worst part about being a guy is getting your balls wet when you sit down to pee Last name: Baby First name: Santa Like a wrapped present boy I ain't nothin to play with. Santa is my boyfriend. when a boy wanna be a girl call them Caitlyn Jenner when I'm waitin round for y'all call me Waitlyn Jenner bun apple reef thinkin about boxer briefs : when someone is give me a compliment haha sick listenin to slipknot Collab with What if.. . .Bruce Jenner...Married..Caitlyn Jenner... Add me on snap I make eggs while listening to great music spocksucker Everyone remember to get out and vote today!! He was a punk She did ballet What more can I say? He was a boy She was a girl Can I make it any more obvious? I'm not Santa Claus! But they're on sale for 20 bucks right now so... I would actually rather die. Imagine a litter box for dogs rt if u think j cole and drake should kiss My entire workout regimen is based around ankle weights Nice to see branching out :) go buy my shirts they're on sale for 20 bucks so go buy them because when i run out im releasing brand new stuff! J Cole and Drake probably kiss each other Patient: I have dry skin all over my face Doctor: no that's dried cum Patient: that's what I thought u dirty slut *patient n doc makeout* Say what you want about 2016 but it was a great year for memes. baby beluga is gender fluid sorry I can't hangout tonight. I broke my vape. Call me Christian Grey cuz I'm throwin 50 shades Vegan Vape Club: Cruelty Free Since 93 Life's a garden, suck it Just overheard some vegans talking about faxing each other some recipes. I hate LA. I learned how to cuss at age 7 and I've been doing it ever since Just listened to Yonkers Get yours here! When hot girls show off their underwear they put it on TV as a fashion show . When I show off mine Im put on trial for indecent exposure my bros are hot :) Missed connection: Lady moaning while doing kettle bell squats in the 24hr Fitness on Sunset Blvd. I'm my own baby daddy Smell my fingers Just took a crap to Gangnam Style (: Just bawled my eyes out at a wedding. Truly beautiful. Congrats to whoever just got hitched outside the Burger King on 7th Street! DnB stands for Ben n Jerry's made u a new logo message me if u wanna use it Happy birthday to my beautiful birthbae girl Sayonara! Sure I'll take a hit! A Bug's Life (1998) gonna win best dressed at the wedding lol before we fight you should probably know I listen to slipknot Drake can't pee unless he's sitting backwards on the toilet. Don't scare me like that He wanted her She'd never tell Secretly she wanted him as well He was a punk. She did ballet. What more can I say? He's just a boy She's just a girl Can I make it any more obvious? calling bs that Avril Lavigne ever did ballet like she claims in sk8er boi. If the last time you listened to sk8r boi was before 2008 then you might as well remove me from your friends list. I stole a lighter from my mom when u stole a cigarette from ur older brother Trevor and only coughed 7 times when ur in 3rd grade but ur cool Name a cuter threesome. ProTip: You can't! wow girl r u today's date bcuz ur a 10/10 :) scooby doo is the only anime worth watching Is it just me or does Bruce Jenner totally look like a girl... Sending this from my Samsung Galaxy Note 7 so this message might explode. Listen Amigo, I've sucked dick in the ladies room handicap stall at the La Quinta in Tucson, so I know a thing or two about Spanish culture. lil somethin to take the edge off got ur girl on speed dial Suck an egg you absolute imbecile. #thickashellchallenge Just broke up with my gf after she beat me at Uno HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH Hail Satin me: wake me up also me: wake me up inside Just because I was born with a penis and identify as male doesn't make it cool for you to call me bro BUY URS HERE Thanksgiving dinner was a huge success :) Happy Thanksgiving to all--even the haters and losers! The Pilgrims were vegan. ur mcm is excited for bad santa 2 15% off until Sunday 11/27 with code TURKEYSUCKS If global warming is so bad then how come the weather is so good? Happy birthday rounds of virgin margs on me! I'll shove my croc so far up your butt you'll be chewin rubber Sofia Vergara Impression haha :) hello :) : I'm willing to bet money will look like this when he's 40. Finishing two dubstep songs today Get your Spock toilet paper!! What if they sold bread that was pre-sliced so you didn't have to slice it yourself. That would be the coolest thing. hey darling I boink hot chicks Good morning When is the next Michael Jackson tour? square up for a small loan of one million dollars i will grab you by the pussy how u feel after leg day Vine passed away. sex w me i farted *wake up* *crack knuckles* Ah. it is time to log in watching zootopia with no pants on hmu i'm a country boy doctor: r u sexually active? me: no i am a virgin doctor: not for long *doctor puts hand on my leg and I smile at him indicating consent* I love whore dervs :) someone better get her a shirt Look what I have Mom is out of town for the week. Guess it's finally time to learn. When someone posts a Kermit meme. Ratatouille 2: A New Recipe (2017) This is Kung Fu Panda today. Feel old yet? me: do something not that bad inner me: no actually do something really bad who wants to collab on a harlem shake vid? Cuck me once, shame on you. Cuck me twice, shame on me. Cuck me three times, I'm a cuck. my dream house is on the end of a coldysack in a gated community :) rt if u stand up to wipe ur butt Who the hell is this Donald Trump guy? I was born vegan. When is 9/11? rt if u ever pooped before New photo of Donald Trump's transition team. I called the police on my friend for transporting a ferret across state borders. waka flocka flame one hood butt fricker : get em what do I do for a living? if u ever pooped without saying no homo ur gay Just killed a bird with 2 stones. if your boyfriend is with her, he's cheating on you. just doin a lil research :) isn't halloween this week? sickening. #vegan #friendsnotfood I can't believe Ben Franklin discovered the lightening bulb. his and hers bubble gum dreams my neighbors put down their dog for being a trump supporter whenever I stay in a hotel I feel like I'm Zack and Cody can I help you? be careful whose emails you delete in middle school. how do u find out what time it is INTERNATIONAL SHIPPING NOW AVAILABLE! when u have a meeting with the president-elect and ur a different political party what is a meme frick yeah baby : It's a party in the USA Relevant In honor of Election Day Im giving you guys $5 off my shirt with the code TAXATIONISTHEFT if u ever played a video game ur a nerd Just installed Pokmon Go who wants to play? :) used a weejee board now im being haunted by a polt or guys Hillary CLINTON Bill CLINTON That means they're related. Incest is absolutely sickening. Same last name Lived together in White House Spotted holding hands AND NOW THIS? What could they be planni Wait. Hillary Clinton has the same last name as Bill Clinton. Coincidence? my hamster is transgender PLUR : when ur the number one musician for dads All dads pretend to play the saxophone while listening to the Dave Matthews Band. All dads have a Dave Matthews Band tattoo on their bicep. Do dads speak to each other in Dave Matthews Band lyrics? rt if u lost ur virginity in the handicap stall of a chilis restroom DO NOT GET OUT AND VOTE. If you are uninformed please do not vote. Hoping to meet my wife on Snapchat : spocksucker How many dicks do I have to suck to unlock girls on Grindr? is 2+2 a lot? missin tour : white ppl ruin everything money sign Always pooping happy while using ur product ;) Just went to my first yoga class :) iM A REAL BOi I promise didn't pay me to do this. Add me on snapchat spocksucker Held a fart for 7 hours so my stupid step-dad Jaeson would have to smell it after work I don't use condoms I use crocs My glow in the dark Rainbow Dash plushie is glowing but she's not pregnant. (I'm very careful not to get any in her) when u cream LIMITED STOCK AVAILABLE GO GET THEM BEFORE THEYRE GONE! just fricked off with my girlfriend jcln :) LIMITED STOCK AVAILABLE!! GET THEM BEFORE THEYRE GONE!! merch drop tommorrow morning 10am PST Just burst into tears watching the woman at the deli slice a piece of pepper jack cheese Hey if u want to learn music stuff from me u can book me for an online session here ;) animals r cool and I like them Huge thank you to everyone who made the Wat The Frick tour possible. Now it's over. Bittersweet. Keep on truckin. last day : rip Really been practicing my graphic design :) Bout to test out this new tune tonight ;) o The Wat The Frick Tour is coming to an end. For booking inquiries: spockbookings My mom just told me she wishes I was a missed carriage ?? Lol it's 2016 I'll just call an Uber Sending this from internet explorer so it might be delayed but I just made a Vine! What are some funny accounts to check out? RIP My sweet prince boy were they wrong : If you don't eat ass you're a virgin. tweeting this from internet explorer so it might be delayed but JESUS IF YOURE READING THIS JUDAS IS CONSPIRING AGAINST YOU!! This is a 36 week old baby. If you agree with Killary, that aborting babies is okay; you agree with murder. Absolut rt if u smoke weed so I know who is going to hell just found out my gf likes to eat man meat does that mean she's a cannibal?? Loving the support :) thinkin bout chai tea : My snap is open send me snaps. spocksucker my fans are truly the best (: LA IM ON AT 8 GET HERE EARLY My pronouns are: Cait/Caitlyn Can't listen to Dave Matthews Band after 9pm or I get too rambunctious before bed. What color is this box. Finally found a way to get a girlfriend. My mom tells me I'm her Number One DJ every night when she tucks me in :) That moment when the only one u want is him &lt;3 :) braided up brotha : flippity doo dah : Casinos are like arcades for idiots. ha ha mop head ha ha : Being on tour is like being at summer camp with your best friends but there's that one kid everyone hates and it's Went for the Snoop Dogg ended up with the Riff Raff. : what if. girls... could get... BONERS Carl's Jr. - I have a cream speech (1963) Everyone set this as your profile picture if my vape and my girl both drownin and I can onlysave one1 catch me at my girlfuneral blowincloudson her coffin wow r u today's date because ur a 10/10 (Vine by i spy with my lil eye : Where is my face thinking about. smoothies... : girl r u today's date cuz ur 10/10 chicago dogs literally go in : is dabbing cultural appropriation? We talkin Bloom or Florida? United Skedda of America Hillary said she would make suh dude illegal forever texting u : out here : LinkedIn Park Designed a new logo for you guys let me know what you think :) If you don't sexually pleasure your best bros ur a homophobe. These clowns are getting out of hand... I felt like Eminem. : tweet about how people are clowns implying you're so mature and above it all. edgy relatable caption with gif of Rihanna. The madman actually did it! Starting to use McDonalds eater as an insult. These Clowns Gettin Outta Hand Fr My new rap name is Yung Yung woah : My brother from a virgin mother! Just because I'm a vegan doesn't mean I don't eat meat Whenever I get made fun of I just remember my Natuto headband can shield me from the insults. I fricked Ted. #FreeTheChode OKC had some great balls. : U frickin these girls But they frickin u back Every time u turn ur back Really bad thoughts in the back of the cadillac Don't wear supreme if u don't have sex with other boys Drop it to the floor make that butt shake. Make the ground move that's a butt-quake. if u don't believe in Gosh u go straight to Heck if you don't kiss ur bros that makes u a homophobe it's homophobic to not sleep in a bed with your bros I smell like a dogs cum b2b : I only shop at the baby gap just meditated once and now my hair is dyed purple?? when you donate to the bernie sanders campaign you're automatically signed up for tumblr I've been vegan for one day and I somehow managed to lose all my friends. wtf I meditated once and now I have a Tumblr? meditated for 5 mins and lost 48lbs of body fat just meditated for the first time and now I'm pretty sure I'm vegan OKC we got a lil special surprise for u babies tonight Crazy to think that Pokmon Go came out 47 years ago. white kids be like I'm a VIRGIN! Very Intoxicated Right-Wing Gun-toting Inbred Neo-Con S.M.D. = Suck My Dong W.T.C. = What The Crud L.M.B.O. = laughing my b**ty off! How Fuxkinq Dumb Can Yhu B. W'ssuh Dude Ihz NuhThing Like W'skeddah smdh Fuxk U Fo Rheal. virgin jello shots Dallas, Texas: BBQ Central of the world : stay woke If not you can 100% take my keys. You sound like a great guy. Bill Nye the W'ssuh Dude Guy I just wanna car I was at the Orleans in Friday show on New. If I have 100% my say me with I didnt woulda boyfriend you to my invited. Slut shaming? Go read a book loser. I will hug u I would say the same thing about a guy cheating on his girl. Stupid hoe. Absolutely ;) Don't be a hoe. My IQ is so I'm a genius baby!! Talkin sports today with and on U can listen at love sports! can't see the haters. : I'm not emo I'm goth. but u wouldn't know the difference. I notice your bio says \\vape enthusiast\\ can you tell me more about that? Oh yeah Im super gay. Yeah that's what I thought. Chief Queef Debate drinking game: When a candidate talks about what to do with YOUR tax money that they stole from you take a shot. Debate drinking game: When you realize you are a slave and getting to choose your master does not make you free take a shot. it goes down in the skedda I didn't choose the vape life, the vape life chose me. is it gay for two boys to fall in love? HOUSTON IM ON AT 9:30 WE SOLD OUT LETS PARTY ROCK ALL NIGHT I'm not a cat lady, but I know a thing or two about pussy ;) Just wait till y'all see the unboxing ;) Q: What level is Ruby on? A: Up I'm too busy on the Wat The Frick Tour right now so they won't be available online until after! I've waited in a Taco Bell drive-thru for 18 hours so don't talk to me about perseverance grandpa. when in Rome! Yes iPhone 7 Plus unboxing up on my Snapchat. spocksucker to the window, to the wall. : still usin my razr from 7th grade *me ordering at a bar* gimme a virgin mimosa on the rocks, chief. me: i got u a present person: what is it me: here *L* me: take this L bro I was there like 4 days ago haha DubTruck: The first country/dubstep crossover act. Clint Eastwood in 1957. Was hoping to get them up this week but looks like I'm going to have to wait until after the Wat The Frick tour you are my fire the one desire : Suh dude I love crud posting :) *gets married at edc* Yeah were naming our first kid Plur Has anyone ever gotten a divorce under the electric sky?? *getting married at edc* I thought we agreed on the Dada Life pasties!! *getting married at edc* Hey can we do this an hour earlier I don't want to miss Borgore? *getting married at edc* I SAID I WANTED A MARSHMELLO KANDI RING U DUMB BITCH *getting married at EDC* Do you have the kandi? When people get married at edc do they exchange rings made of kandi? frick this eff crap : 103.6 The Panda vapin chodes : Fed Ex all the way sucks. Always loses shit and is super rude and unaccommodating. Horrible customer service. Your employees are very rude A lil sore at first but now it's all pleasure :) in this moment i am euphoric. #aalewis : I get hard for GETTER. kush is gay long hair literally do not care at all Vegans be like: Don't talk to me until I've had my morning home-grown-coconut-soy-composted-gluten-free-fair-trade coffee. Do vegans only have sex outdoors? Stranger Things is cool but have you ever seen Scooby Doo? DROPPING ONLINE NEXT WEEK who wants some?? boolin with my youngin fuck her right in the ussy Naming my son Drake 2.0 sorry i queefed at moms funeral metal af : MORGANTOWN LETS DO THIS literally always flexing : put an emoji on my tombstone bitch drinking that mother fucking dirty They will be online soon philly went in : philly went in : My longest suh dude ever special guest *walkie talkie scene in any movie* You have to say \\over\\ when ur done talking so I know ur done talking!! *comedy award* really captured my sick hand motion philly : metro boomin wants some more fricker my nephew Shamus Soldier Boy Tell Them. I GOT FRICKED LAST NIGHT. Will be up soon! Philly I'm on at 9 tonight lets freaking do this baby! frick almost saw my first set of boobs last night. : was hoping no one would notice. schlong v. chode wat the frick FIRST TOUR VLOG BABY Follow my snap for sexy tour updates ;) spocksucker I'm on the whole tour! Can already tell this tour is gonna be one of the best times of my life. I'm on an airplane right now for the first time ever lol. South Burlington is not ready for tonight you vs the guy she tells you not to worry about Virginity is a social construct. Follow me on snapchat to keep up with the gang and me on tour. Just did some unboxings ;) snap: spocksucker who is she Everyone come to South Burlington, Vermont tomorrow and watch me nae nae on stage. Tickets & dates: Hit the whip so hard I got arrested If you have to fart, pull your pants down. None of this pull my finger whoever smelt it dealt it BS just pull them down and let her rip if u do not pull down ur pants before farting i do not respect u me: pull ur pants down when u fart my future son: ok me: good boy Name: Rodney Occupation: Step-Dad Hobbies: Motocross and UFC Style: Affliction and Oakleys I LOVE MEMES HAHA!! . if this gets 10,000 retweets will you queef into the mic at my daughter's bar mitzvah. 100 rt and is back in!!1! If this gets 100 likes can slipknot sing the national anthem at ur inauguration no 5 rt and I will get a suh dude tattoo on my forehead if this gets one retweet i will get a damn daniel tattoo I'm a modern day Guy Fieri. Listen pal, I've been playing ball since age 4 so I think I know a thing or two about testicles. Can't believe 9/11 was 48 years ago. whose mans What the hell did you just call me? A boner is when your penis fills with pee everybody queefs Funny how your lost virginity is always in the last place you look. Christmas came early this year, and so did I ;) [record scratch] [freeze frame] Yep that's me. You're probably wondering how i ended up in this situation. pretentious hip hop fans when you hittin it from behind and she turns around and says choke me daddy Hey man how's it goin? new song hm. funeral guy: what do u want on ur tombstone me: can u just write weed I've never been to a luau, but girl are those pubes or a pussy skirt? Pop Punk singer trying to ease his way out of the closet Wow. Very thought provoking. O'er the land of the free And the home of the brave Just found out Billy Ray Cyrus wrote the national anthem. the absolute madman when I woke up this morning I had crucifixion scars on my hands and feet :/ VMAs? More like... VM-AIDS I'm a dog guy, but that doesn't mean I don't know my way around a pussy. Donna and Pat are the most lesbian names. just cursed on the phone and my dad heard me and I don't even care haha :) Stephen Hawking invented the crip walk. when there is a BOGO (buy one get one) sale on your favorite cereal at the grocery store and u get to pick . roses are red your mom is a hog Just because my wife has sex with other men in my bed while I watch does not make me a cuck Remember Harambe? This is him today. Feel old yet? I'm in love with the coco?? More like: I'm in love with going to school and doing my homework haha :) vegan A boner is just getting butterflies in your wiener. Kylie Jenner pussy lip challenge. WEEOONEWSONGALERTWEEOO Does Jared Leto play the Joker. Or does the Joker play Jared Leto o wah ah ah ah : kaysuhdilla come see me on the wat the frick tour!! soon Just saw Drake working the Jack In The Box drive thru. really getting into the underground hip-hop scene :) getting in a fight 2016 pt 2 who is she roses are red trees have green leaves god: ok let's make cigs really cool. ppl: it's 2016 people want technology god: hm... *invents vape* Maybe she was born with it, maybe she's transgender. Life is about the 3 s: Blunts Babes Butt-chugging I've got two words for you. Grow a pair. am I dying ? *fights in 2016* lol bro i'm way more vegan than you. add me on snapchat and send me snaps snap: spocksucker girls in 2016: choke me daddy me: Your mcm has drake quotes and emojis in his Instagram bio Corvettes come with a pair of Oakleys Corvettes come with a Slipknot CD just matched my mom on tinder :) If I queefed you'd know. Trust me. Frick The Population roses are red the earth is flat something something else Is having sex with a cantaloupe considered beastiality? if you're awake right now you should be grounded sex so good i shouldn't have to frick for free bet u michael phelps shaves his legs lol Hillary Clinton is my dad. Frozen-Let It Go (Drake Freestyle Cover) [BASS BOOSTED] {instrumental} NEW TRACK ALERT How am I supposed to jack off now that Justin Bieber deleted his Instagram... bro did u just queef? funeral man: wat u want on ur tombstone me: umm. funeral man: holy shit me: ya yo who the eff ready for some new music? sorry I vaped at your sons bar mitzvah. Please be 18. horchata means cinnamon jizz in Spanish. Name a better anime than Cory In The House. ProTip: You can't. I was breastfed until age 17 so I think I know a thing or two about boobs. Let's do some swimsuit shoots together my dad just bought me a new one-piece. French inhaled a pepperoni. You look me in the chode when you're speaking to me mother fucker. what the eff Json you made me spill my kombucha! Had my first orgasm to Down With The Sickness Is a pineapple a freshwater or saltwater fruit? you know what they say about long hair and little feet.? long pubes and a little dick . one of your employees just called me an Uncle Tom ...? Managed to snap a pic of him. petition to change nipples to giblets this was in my drafts my perfect woman: -born a man -long pubes -balding blonde hair -likes football -has a penis my ideal woman: -3\\5 (in heels) -a cup titties -vegan/goth -spiritual (not religious) -vapes Oh u love Criss Angel? That's tite. Oh u love Cinnamon Toast Crunch?? Bet you've never even seen them live... Oh u love animals?? Name their first single... Oh u love ur mom.? Name one of her songs... Oh u love the Olympics? Name one of their albums. sausage party writers room *Sausage Party writers room* Guys. What if. Food. Smoked... WEED! *makes millions* it'snotaphase farting is so gay just put deodorant on my pussy, 48 hours of fresh Met my wife by walking up to her in a club and doing this. yo dude how vegan are you? what tf wrong w my watermelon you vs the guy she tell u not to worry about ideal woman: -6\\7 (in heels) -half black half asian -smaller boobs than me -gender fluid -loves mcdonalds frickin eff book me to play in ur city: spockbookings happy fr*cking bday my mom still wipes my butt dr: ok so take one pill every- me: i vape. dr: like i was saying just take on- me: i. vape dr: um ok.. my son stole my toilet seat after I confiscated his vape. do you have any that will fit? Holy sh*t Katy Perry's tits look great Does anyone else think that Caitlyn Jenner looks a lot like this guy from the Olympics? Kombucha is just vegan sweat girl farts smell gross Dicks out for Orlando (Bloom) get u a man that can do both I identify as a big girl.but secretly I use the little girls room Is dick length measured in how many Funyuns you can put around it? . love your shit because it's makes my shit not smell like shit yo who wants some merch? Literally all that's in my bank account is commas. Straight outta ompton! razy motha fucka named Ice ube Lactose intolerant?? Bitch swallowed my milk It's always been a dream of mine to be the First Lady. oofin ush Name a Friends episode where you don't see Jennifer Aniston's nipples. Pro-Tip: You can't. Got kicked out of the riddim band for associating with Getter. would you hit me for $1,000,000? #NationalGirlfriendDay my gf confused lube with gorilla glue again love the support guys! cheers! Jacob Drake I use my pussy juice to seal envelopes. Bear Grylls has to vape his own piss in a survival situation. lookin for trouble Remember Charlie bit my finger?? This is him today. you had me at suh dude just popped the top off my favorite Snapple tea, an average of 8 dicks go in your mouth every year while you sleep. I make my girl call me 'moses when I fuck her on her period when I hear a mf'er talkin b-cr*p Eat my shorts, bozo Harambe If I had a testicle for every gender. Just went into an all gender restroom and the girl at the urinal over had a bigger dick than me I don't vape My dad's name is Susan and she looks like a mole rat. Whenever my stepdad yells at me I just put in my headphones and fri**cking blast creed tony spawk wat does 69 mean I buy magnum condoms so the cashier thinks I'm cool. Just yelled, GRILLED CHEESE! out my car window at a totally random person. Absolutely INSANE day out with my boys just drank two Capri Suns lol fuck u I'm not a postman but I know a thing or two about a nice package. naw Delete your account. Horton fucks a who ya and I just queefed on your pillow takin her out for a spin. don't try to stop me. Solve this riddle: Just watched a man suck his own dick? Will post answer tomorrow. I HAVE THE FUNNIEST FRIENDS I have the most f*ricked up friends Just creamed. Went to TGI Fridays ON A SUNDAY C U C K U C K Happy birthday Hemorrhoids are God's speed bumps. who needs porn when you have my vines? your mcm still says damn daniel getting in a fight 2016 Pregnancy Announcements 2016 just queefed along to the cops theme song we goin on tour babyy test haha it's me and a pokemon my favorite afternoon snack what do nipples taste like Curiosity fricked the cat. Harambe didn't die for this. #FreeMilo Ever shit your pants in the arms of a lover? Haven't shaved my pubes since Vietnam. self conscious of my c-section scar rip Just farted to the tune of the George Lopez Show theme song (Lowrider). Got detained on the way to Mexico for calling the border patrol guard El Chapo I never swipe left on Tinder because it's misogynistic. Wish it were him instead of Harambe. Another sleepless night. I just miss him so much #Harambe porn is getting weird I just pooped my pants in some gucci flip flops Just made a tumblr goes to mexico once Absolutely devastated... Just found out Harambe died. Harambe?? More like haramGAY peens out for harambe Now if I frick this model And she just bleached her butthole Here at Spock Industries mixing business and pleasure isn't just acceptable. It's encouraged! Say, daddy farting is kinda gay Name another gender than male or female. Pro-Tip: You can't. Vape isn't a drug. It's a lifestyle Vag eater? Nah. Butt eater? You betcha. What if u eatin butt and she fart Pokmon is gay Eating pussy so 2014 bruh we eat ass Nah I don't lick where her pee comes out I just love licking her poop hole Bro last night was so hot I was putting my tongue in and all around where this girls POOP SLIDES OUT Hey know what would be tight? If you licked me where my fucking POOP comes out Eating ass is gross. POOP comes out of there bro the crack of the bat. the scent of a verdant field. The excitement of the crowd. These are the things that piss base ball fans off the most summoning. the bang bus pain man its like i always say folks you gotta follow my account to get the posts im strong enough that i could pull one o f my teeth out right now but i dont want to banking on becoming one of those guys that consistently sucks so much ass tthat people arent allowed to own me anymore because its boring stepping into fiveguys hq, just listing hundreds of brand new chef-inspired value combos off the top of my head. Boom. just like that. 1 2 3 hauling ass to the hair place to find teken chauncey and laying into him with a rolled up newspaper while hes getting a Perm the show wife Swap but for gaming set ups im the one guy on earth who thought it was cool that google glass would allow you to look at your dick and make it shrink/change colors the 3 poossible reactions i have to tweets 1) nodding sagely 2) slapping forehead & saying Aw man! 3) adding it to my muted word list we told this man that he has the brain power of a thousand state legislators . you will remember His smile forever dont even think about serving me food from taco bell that isnt served to me Mxicano Style wearing the wrong damn shoes to the basketball court, getting freaked on like a Dunce, getting my ass kicked stupidly i challenge any man who thinks that my 7 handsome border collies are too loud through-out the day to a round of Chess, the game of kings The state of the qua;lity of the posts on my feed has never been more fucked. And every one is too busy touching their Penis to give a shit. having my druthers and eating them too desperate Husband , sitting on the toilet and palm mashing all the buttons on the bathroom jukebox trying to get bob seger back on i love thinking about shit that is Asethetic and looking at it and saying how much of good it is Go To My Ass the repliers know whats best for my posts. i love to roll over like a dog and let them shit all over my face until its unrecognizable ruinning a mans wedding by using too many ad Hominem arguments concerned about t he health of my followers, many of whom appear sickly and have chapped, unwashed elbows, stained with grime the boys held an intervention about me Going hollywood because i;ve been buying plastic toothpicks now the basketball version of a home run is when you throw a basketball really hard at the roof and get it stuck in the rafters some how fully embracing the power of Social Media at the age of 56 and changing my name to Kim Jong Lexus extremely getting a uti by usnig the same shirt i used to wipe my dogs mouth to wipe piss off of my dick paying a loud, 200 IQ man wearing a sweat band $500 a month to make videos telling me how to wipe my ass properly thinking i only have about 80000 more posts to read before i figure out the precise amount of sex that should be allowed in pepsi commercals this feed is protected by grandma oh? you want me to take the bad santa posters off my car windows? sorry, i forgot that its a fucking fedearal crime to think things are good if somone cooks your goose, thats it. youre basically fucked John Lee Hooker: Boom boom boom boom (guitar riff) me: hm pretty good. What else you got John Lee Hooker: Hau hau hau hau me: Fuck this . #worldturtleday these beasts are simply armoured rats ,always and forever babies cant smile. its a biological reflex from the brain stem. its fake. they dont know how to smile Ok bitch write Telomere Mindfulnness on a piece of paper. Go to Golds gym on 23rd, hand the paper to Eddie & tell him youre ready to Die Time to show these douscebags my real power (throws a big tree branch at a guys car) seeing the cops in the rear view, telling everyone to stay cool and cutting hard into the guardrail to flip my car on purpose (after getting split in half by a 16-inch bullet fired from a boat) waiter theres a fly in my Soup ME: What do you mean the plane departed. The clock says its only 8:25. TICKET AGENT: Sir Thats a clock ME: I know james bonds jet black diapers that cost $200 each. suit jacket that has Jame bonds signature drawn on the pocket. james bond engagement ring the guy who hooks me up with Raw Milk locked his account. too many people posted come to brazil at him so i guess ill starve to death now before you threaten to Pimp slap me, please remember that i am a police officer of the law, on at least four separate timeline's octo mom will never be allowed to join mensa or the fortune 500. just saying the damn truth like it is -tweeting about stuff thats off-topic is Random . never do this. -tweeting about current event stuff is Topical . and this is also a crime getting pecked by birds like a dick head absolute bastard . of all the fingers you couldve given me, it had to be the middle one (witnessing the flaming wreckage of a 6-car pile up) ah. Respect. More power do not ever come to my gym with crayons and draw smiley faces all over the walls. i will put your ass in the gutter. i will knock you over im thinking now, about how pissed off i'd get if i was dining at a 4-star restaurant and the waiter came out 100% nude. do not do that shit one matrix pill is Pitbull Holocaust. the other is Pitbull Revolution. i wont say which is which because i dont want people to get mad at me my dick is in the news agian. and Ouh, whats this?? The damn gas prices are sky rocketing while everyones distracted. Trite. wife wont speak to me because i thought the movie night at the muesum was a porno film about a guy fucking suits of armor or something using genius Journalism to crush my enemies .. . injecvting a shit ton of steroids and walking on the treadmill at 3mph ass gas and grass. i love to drive my car for free trolls: do something productive instead of beatinh your weiners on my page. there are so many birds flying around indoors who need help helping women by inventing a portable bra dispenser , for when they are on the go gathering data on various of bastards my dog approaches me, rolls over on its back, and i vomit all over its stomach. undoing 9 years of trust with this animal a-list: time line b-list: group dm c-list: shit i yell in the car with the windows rolled up d-list: shit i say while melting down in court someone out there is making $1000 every time a person clicks on this neo pets cinematic universe saying im going to flip doug the pug aorund in mid air with devil sticks . is not a death threat lunch paraphernalia spilling out of the footwell of my car as i pull up to my old high school to steal footballs by calling them Stackers instead of quesadillas, taco bell is legally allowed to fill them with 49% bird shit people on here treat me like dirt , thats fine, meanwhile hundreds of teens are allowed to go to prom racistly every day strategically gathering recon on little seasers pizza in the woods behind the strip mall and getting fucking lyme disease drinking beer out of a humming bird feeder because all of my glasses have bug's in them the pain of losing my life savings is softened by the big mommas house themed slot machine screaming lines from the famous movie, at me inventing a new Suit of playing cards: The Horseshoes - We got the king, queen, jack and Ace. All your favorites - The most powerful suit three sayings to any fool who would claim that i am the bitch of this website: 1.your god damn right 2. i dont give a fuck 3. you Lose imagining a judge sentencing a beautiful lady criminal to be my wife , and saying Oh thats good When Ur Girl Is On Point - Hooking U Up With That Gold Bond Medicated Powder - Because She KNOw That The Dick Good another blissfful day ignoring the fact that 75% of my peers on this site have been rejected from offline society for pretty good reasons The Dick Head On Team Chat Whose Smoke Detector Needs A New Battery: Does any one in here know how to fedex a pit bull how advanced our society has become... merely 100 years ago you would receive little to no praise for posting the words Bart Flintstone seems to me i am one of the only people on this earth who knows exactly how high they stack shit. The Pillsbury Dip Shit the jury is still out on whether building giant statues of my head pleases god, or pisses Him off due to recent events, i have generously reduced my weekly donation to cambridge analytica by 40%. And nobody is reporting this every one wants to read my 200-page manifestos about how i refuse to make eye contact with my dentist, or Get me a man who does both discreetly getting my ass kicked it is nothing short of miraculous that all the rich people on this website are personal friends of mine, and care about me, and know my Pain #worldpenguinday please cancel whatever the fuck this is and make a global holiday for oinline content producers with ring worm please. the Ten click challenge, invented by buddihst monks to enhance Discipline , asks that we limit ourselves to click on only ten things per day mother fuck Big Gulp ass prepare to meet thy Focker dont trust the dna tests. i determine my ancestry by looking at a bunch of racist cartoon characters to see which ones piss me off the most teken Chauncey is no longer invited to boys brunch after saying that he would like to karate chop the #royalbaby in the stomach cut the crap 2017 un follow if you do not consider this true power thinking of turning back into white (Caucasian) having you tube intellectuals explain to me how exactly humpty dumpty fucked up , and why he deserves to die no!! all of you, stotp it!! please! the insight is too Raw!! waking up in a cold sweat and screaming about needing one million dollars, the amount of money made famous by Dr. Evil in austin powers 1 . hard core please join me iin eating one hundred bags of romaine lettuce if you are sick of the CDC rubbing their ass in our faces, with politics this is the bad watch thread. post bad watches here. if your reply does not have a bad watch in it you will be bloc having to hose off 900 screaming animals at my job at the zoo every day is harder than any thing a untied states marine ever did pissed off by the idea of my ass becoming grass $5 poison vs $100,000 poison... which kills more Rats Im now receiving reports which confirm that barbara bush was electrocuted in a swimming pool. Developing thinking about taking all of the logs out of my fire place and using it as a gamer cave thinking about a adults version of star wars where all the characters have Depression and saying the word Bauzinga to mysef in my car `` i will show you the Ass of God `` i love coming on here every day to interact with a growing network of CON MEN and IMBECILES trying to celebrate all these days at once like a sitcom dipshit who accidentally booked 10 fancy dinners at the sa #FineMenThatEatAss #FineMenThatEatPussy #FineMenThatDontCheat regardless of if he's real or not . can we please just talk about how much bigfoot sucks ass. what has he done with his life for the 9th time today a complete stranger has approached me on the street and told me to go suck some ass. And still the brand endures patreon up by $4000/month since i got removed from out back steakhouse for calling all the waiters homos and became a Freedom of Speech guru it pains me to announce that as of april 5th, 2018, The Economist has severed ties with Da Ass Fucka youll never catch me sitting on the toilet, taking a huge shit . it aint my style people are giving and receiving Respect at incredible speeds . and it is all thanks to the humble computer chip trying really hard not to be Tryhard update from the good time lineBacion is legal to eat at work thanks to President Banksy in the whitehouse, now known as the star wars house elmer fudd with yakuza tattoos. legion of fudd (getting really into the dunk tank carnival game) Ill show you some pain mother fucker. Ill show you some pain mother fucker ufo themed wedding thwarted by sjw `s flipping your car on purpose is even more of an olympic game, than the actual olympic games penning a heartwarming screen play about a horse who wins nascar i just need to say, to anyone reading this... You are Important, You are loved, and You belong in this world, if you have over 5000 followers i regret to inform you, that by resorting to Swear language, you have forfeit this debate. Farewell my bitch the absolute perfect shit is scoring a legendary forum handle like Farkimedes and making 30,000 posts asking the mods to move threads imagining the guys on Shark Tank laying into the guy who invented the fucking porky pig character What were you thinking !! executing some advanced high-risk transactions on the Markets. trading my ass medicine for dick medicine your;e damn right im calm. you bet your ass im acting like a normal person the vatican should not be allowed to name any new saints until God sorts out my numerous issues with the citibank web portal Hm lets see. Do I Shut the fuck uop , or continue exposing the truths of life to the chagrin of the 99% of people on earth who are villains living vicariously through gamer streamers who are more powerful than me face news If youre a milennial who doesnt know what a Farm is You are part of the aids 8 Words We Must Never Say In Front Of Father (Number 6 Will Make You Shit) thinking about shit that i Recognize and smiling thats right bitch. i single handedly rescued the constitution of the united states.AND I DID IT WITH OUT USING POLITICS !! Thinking About Saying The Rent Is Too Damn Hi if you have trouble discerning the Family Room from the Living Room your house should be taken away from you teling my miserable wife and sons all about the Importance of Media i just think this is the sort of thing that would be nice to have Getting fucking pissed off at the idea of some child from the early 1900s trying to spit shine my shoes whenever i see one of those roast pigs with apple in its mouth i think Now theres a real son of a bitch who made the wrong choices in life my failing brand seeing people performing perfect slam dunks on the basketball court is worthless to me. It;s nothing piss me off forever, kiss the dog shit out of my ass mouther fucker #ShutYourYap Trying to get clicked on just read a fascinating article, about how people who try to Fuck have the same chemical imbalances in their brain, that the cave men had Kicking the shit out of the back board on my computer desk because Dabbing is bull shit Thread. The dog who died in a united airlines overhead bin was a deep state Chaos Agent. Thread, Thread every day this happens: my followers inject me with a mix of chemicals , And they kill me as they would a sick dog. Every day they do this This Shit Sucks Dog Shit i piss on your little emails i despise the toilet. id love nothing more than to kick it through the wall and shatter it into 100 shards of wet porcelain. But i need it Today , I am every Husband there were 100 browser games in the 2000s where the goal was to become a Pimp by sending links to people, but thats jsut real life now go ahead. keep screaming Shut The Fuck Up at me. it only makes my opinions Worse I am going to try to have diarrhea today. Because I am not DEFINED by my ass i would never say something like Fuck the games world and all its wonderful and mysterious locales. Fuck mario . i just would not say that Bot. doing head stands to let the cum from my balls flow directly to my brain and make me more intelligent trying to get the girls chat recognized as a hate gruop Wine and stimpy #NationalCerealDay i fuck all cereal posting detailed plans aobut how im going to start trying out different shampoos on a gaming forum at age 52 crawling around on the kitchen floor like a fucking dick head and filming my own Beggin Strips commercials #NationalOreoDay i spit on oreo #nationalOreoday i will henceforth either Fuck or Spit on all the national whatever day hashtags that the NSA pays twitter to promote in the year 2030 , You will be able to order food on the cell phone this is the new logo. if you want to contact me you have to put the new logo in the email and send it to me. please to clarify, i still think that Porky Pig should get the electric chair, but not enough to kill him, just enough to Scare him a little bit bringing the mame cabinent into my spider hole restuarants need to start hanging up pictures of their bathrooms outside so i know what im getting before i walk in the damn place going down to the bank to yell at all the workers there and tell them to keep their greasy mitts off of my stash microwaving my ass hole in the microwave thinking of being appointed the official Bitch of the NFL thinking of that 9/11 thread on the pokemon board i used to post on where the Admin said Welcome to World War 3 & The Vagina Monologues, But For Gamers up until i was about 28, i thought the 9 to 5 was a euphemism for blasting cum fuck the left shark fucking awful completing my Dip Shit look by donning a humongous bib with a picture of a sailboat on it I politely requested the post to be taken down. It is still up ass of 2/24/18. It is only fair that the check mark be transferred to my page blue mark accts continue to be given Carte Blanche to take big filthy shits all over my career & my beliefs while as far as im concerned. fidget spinners is DEAD IN THE WATER seems to me, life is aoubt STICKS Age: 1-20 : Selfie Stick Age 21-90: Walking stick call me old fashioned, but I donr think waiters should spit in the customers food. Keep it to the toilet or kiss that tip GOOD-BYE clowns should spend less time making balloon animals and more time making Prayer's people who like getting whacked in the balls; that shit sucks. youre outta your mind #TrumpColluded with my freaking nut sack . print this you cowards hard at work in the Study, pen in hand, orchestrating my next public melt down thinking that going to Harvard to increase your IQ is something people do once every few months like getting your hair cut Thats what they do. They rile you up with nonsense posts just so they can call the cops on you and get you arrested. Its called Intrapment Games rules. - the unknown gamer; c. 1998 i can confirm that favs are crypto time to look at the Moments Tab . i lay down in the bath tub and a guy smears shit all over my chest with his ass while using a taser on me mr. bucket now theres a guy who clearly does not have his shit together I NEED IT! TO BASK WITH IN THE GLOW OF THE BLUE CHECK MARK! THE CELEBS NEED ME! AND I NEED THEM! MORE THAN ANY THING! MORE THAN ANYTHING! ?: The hole at the bottom of the toilet is the toilets ass hole replyguy34: Thats fine replyguy29: Babababababa replyguy93: This, actually seems like more and more, every young professional should have at all times, a bag to keep papers in it is decided from this moment forward, i will not be clicking on any SCAM LINKS for some reason. people get upset when i say the markets are down because of Bill Watterson's beloved print media staple Calvin and Hobbes listening to the song Shortnin Bread on repeat 7 hours a day and forming some very complicated opinions upon Race whoever the fuck iamath from glasgow is 1) please dont use my email to make snap chat accounts 2) your dick looks like absolute shit Just got chemical castrated in exchangge for a free oil change at pep boys #Dealmaker #Boss hate it when my boss knocks out the front leg of my desk with a baseball bat and funko pop lego shit flies every where i have proof that the women on here are forming quotetweet gangs to freak out and intimidate uncircumcised guys mlg streamer BeastModeCosby loses geforce sponsorship after allegedly using a performance enhancing bed pan CODGER LOOSES HIS LUNCH WHILE HAVING A WANK IF IT PLEASES THE COURT, ID LIKE TO POST SOME EXTREMLY RELATABLE SHIT: $$ io love helping the economy by fucking up while doing downloads and getting 100 coin miners installed on my pc waiting the customary 20 minutes after someone in the group dm says one of their pets died before posting a picture of sponge bob Nutting thinking going to the Kingdom of Heaven for fucking one trillion years is a fairly nice deal thinking about getting the dow jones back on track, simply by making a few phonecalls. but certain people have been a bitch to me, so i wont Time and time Again. People on here Fuck me over and ruin my life. simply for starting the Dialouge #GroundhogDay is the one day a year where the nation can put asaide the partisan politics and sacrifice a large rodent to God due to budget constraints the ground hog this year has been replaced by a caged man in a loincloth who also fears shadows interstate shut down due to reports of 600 pound man chasing a windswept bra been thinking about it a lot, and i do not believe that anyone will ever come up with a brand name better than Taster's Choice in light of the slender man case id like to remind my followers that teens have also attempted murder in the name of digimon otis just thoguht of a tiny man standing inside of a toilet. waving a turd in with batons like the airport guys. shopping the idea to buzz feed putting all my monitors ad computer stuff on top of the stove i never use so that i have more space to carry out my life style 1/29/18: i do not want to think about or look at the word Tater Tots getting my naval cavity laser removed because i just remembered an article i read in 1997 about how people in Spain were doing it cmon!! post it! Oh no, i couldnt possibly. Its too fucked up. Too raw cmon!! ya gotta post it! Very well: NHL Players should wear hijabs if you have less than 1000 followers i can guarantee you that me and the boys share your posts in vip chat rooms and call you a Muthafucka The people who say i should get a life are the real ones who should get a life - Hamdan bin Mohammed Al Maktoum , Crown Prince of Dubai buiying up all the graphics cards and making them cost over $1000 so i can computer generate my own new episodes of Arli$$ Many consider Reddit,com to be the Front Page of the internet, and yet, in the year 2018, I am called a Bastard for saying this. i pay a man $3000.00 a month to stream line my feed so i can get more jokes per second about putin saying hold my beer or what have you explaining to the boys at the auto shop what the you know i did it to him man is iwth the inflection one might use to discipline a child love when i lose aobut 100 followers immediately after making a beautiful post. the weak shriveling up into dust. Thats called darwin looking for medicines that will make the fish in my koi pond shit less often saying it again: my nick name is Mr Shut the Fuck Up because i tell people to shut the fuck up not because i love shutting the fuck up i helped make this so its good. check it out. like and subscrihe the floor of the new york stock exchange breathlessly awaiting MetalGearEric's review of the BK Rodeo Whopper before erupting in chaos thinking of wrapping my entire body in barbed wire and becoming Sovereign Just saw it on CNN: Thyere coming out with a new batman #NewBatman me and my friend bill gates live in fort knox now and if theres one thing i enjoy laughing all the way to its the bank eating shit sucks ass. and sucking ass sucks shit daffy and donald duck: SAME SHIT , DIFFERENT ASS HOLE falling down a stair case completely unscathed after executing a perfect series of Block techniques people whose retweets equal endorsements belong in a fucking cage #Trumps1stYearAtHogwarts 2017: writing shitty articles called like Disruption: The Praxis of Chaos 2018: saying astronauts put tubes up th cajun seasoning and old bay seasoning might seem quite similar, but closer examination will reveal that one of them is far more Racist I own the best law firm in the tri-state area, my wife earns $200,000 a year making ginger bread houses, and we will never hire a US Veteran i could not help but notice that everyone you see online is either really a dumb ass, or genius, or average intelligence optimizing my hyper links, for the fiscal year, Thinking about saying Fuck on SNL. What my brand needs most right now is for me to say Fuck on SNL. How do i get to go do that extracting rare metals from my jeans The ultimate weopon this page is now protected from dick heads and shit heads ive decided that it is Anti-Jobs, to demonetize the youtube guy who went to Mecca and flung angrybird plushies at the cube or whatever im at Ces baby. they got an app that makes your phone do gun noises and fat wet asses, flying around goerge jetson style overseeing my pages, patiently watching all the guys i follow do their Bits and mentaly assigning them to various demeaning castes #LawEnforcementAppreciationDay i appreciate my god given right to enforce the law all over this web page getting shot directly in the ass execution style while crawling through a duct im dumb as a slab of turds, and i am Here for it due to my latest getting pissed off, i shall hence forth refer to Turner Classic Movies as toilet classic movies gravitational waves huh., is that like the super moon journalism is the hardest job on earth.I have to look at so many sites, and everyones trying to trick me into posting pics of my whole ass jh #ImNotAntisocialImJust an imbecile that smells like guinea pig cage the only font i like now the epic shit of 2017; is the boys getting TheSegaPimp fired from his job at The Red Cross for not wishing me a Happy Halloween if youre going to ride my a$$. at least Fuck my car (folloiwng the waiter to his car) Sir. Sir. Can you confirm or deny that the Southwestern Chipotle Chicken Paninis here are Chef Inspired cameras are off now. everyones diapers are frozen to each other and 1000 us marines are now separating them all with swords. horrible scene Its not even a popular toy anymore Used to be you could get on stage & say stuff like Tickle me elmo fucks and people wiould shower you with praise. Standards are now higher let us be very clear on one thing, with all of these posts going around. tickle me elmo, does not Fuck . Youre out of your mind friendly reminder to all of my followers not to commit any Crimes in 2018. crimes are 2017 shit Miss Me With That the ultimate me: May the coffee be with you. Beer is the red 100 to me intelligent Bill Gates: You are a Fraud. Confess barbaro alive horse 2017 . fake death letting millionaires shit all over my house and piss on my pets for $0 being a dumb ass on here is fucking Stupid my friend the only crypto currency you wanna get your hands on is this: bird seed. There is a lot of birds and they all gotta eat abusing my vile neighbors by putting leaflets around which state that i am now to be referred to as Daddy's Golden Goose I lpove making my credit rating lower by having my wife painted on the side of my car you know what they say...if you fail constantly, if everyone thinks you suck ass, and you do other bad things. You will get $1,000,000 soon fucked up my hand while trying to pry open a jar of cherries with a Shuriken just fired 300 Journalists . And it feels so good Geting my ass kicked by italian guys in the tiny bathroom at the back of the bus Whats great is I can get online & read 100 peoples opinions about Kevlar Vests, and at least 2 of them are guaranteed to be probably correct worst part of being my masseuse is having to suffer a 5 minute monologue before hand about how i think your job is actually extremely normal people who try to read my posts out loud in public get their ass beat. they get jumped and put out to pasture And the beast which I saw was like unto a leopard, and his feet were as the feet of a bear, and his mouth as th as wander my study, Quill Pen in one hand, Whisky in the other, i muse, one might perhaps take me for a Famous Author, from the days of old, pregcore i would love to lift all of my pathetic, frail followers by the ankles and huck them like tomahawks Wow , imagine an office where the employees are not just allowed to have fun. its ENCOURAGED My User Experience Conditions - 12/17/17 : - Will click only 3 links today - Muting the word Bluray - Unmuting the word Wendys Maximum Security Gamestop sometimes i wonder if i could slice EpicWayne in half with one swing of the blade. but its probably really hard to getting a 4k monitor so i can make posts the more i think about it , the more it seems to me that apes look like fucked up versions of humans running some scams out of my scam tent cave man: ou ou ou,. keep net neautral so me can download Porno Monopoly guy: why not jack off to a Turner Classic Movie instead george bush master of porno Stand My Ground Mother Fucker people ask me on here, what is the reason for the season. The reason for the season. is of course, SANTA the mall santas all shit into a salad bowl hidden beneath their throne and the elves have to go wash it out in the fountain every hour or so some fool's just need to be knocked the crap out of Give this the retweet if you agree that ALL beanie babies deserve to be worth $100 , and also that Water boarding is not tortore funds removed from 1000s of accounts, markets crash, after deranged poster says that charles schwab & company touches there self at night friendly reminder that if you do not heed enough of the friendly reminders on your timeline, you may sever 1 finger as penance im sorry the trolls bugged my office and everyone had to hear me say heres your sign over and over again in a shitty bill engvall voice. just had the check Mark for 6 mins, but lost it by posting a picture of the back of some guys head with the caption Can i citizens arrest girls just set up My Quicken Loans accounts for a whole small ecuadorian village, entirely on chrystal meth. keep doing your little posts though . VERIFY!! VERIFIY THIS ACCOUNT! THE TROLLS ARE BREAKING IN THROUGH THE WINDOWS!! I NEED THE CHECK MARK !! NOW!! NOW!! NOW!! my promise to my followers. is that i wil;l never become the freak of the week getting pissed off at the idea of someone going on to wiki pedia and changing the name of the japanese suicide forest to Warios Woods #WorldwideHandsomeDay looking dumb as a dog in my piss-yellow tuxedo whilst i spend hundres of dollars on international phone calls at the advisement of my Probation officer .i will now be taking questions on the despised reddit .com with ah man. how embarrassing. i chose the user name CondomMaster a long time ago, back when condoms were cool. dont look at it just deleted some posts that may have been considered hostile towards people who like to show their dick in public. i was wrong on this one. getting my pud Encrypted , like peter thiel My friends love disapointing me with whips going ape shit at the gym. rotating in full 360 degrees with the boys, flawlessly synchronized nothing is stronger than power. - qdoba_NoScope i hereby disavow EpicWayne, who now says that my ears are fucked-up shaped , and that i let dildos roll around in the footwell of my car nice mug... the words should be on the side thoguh im afraid i must say that i do not find the mysteries featured on scooby-doo challenging enough . a reasonable compromise, would be to let the ISPs track our Gaming & reward more net neutraility to guys who get the most headshots & combos ill speak no more of the Show Us Your Turkey thanksgiving event. as many have taken that as an invitation to send me their penis and balls hope to make this somehwat of a tradition: the Show Us Your Turkey event. i'd like to see your beautiful birds, on this thanksgiving day can anyone link me some good User Agreements to click yes on, due to timezone discrepancies i request a motion that all pictures of food in group dm be referred to as Lunch pics , even if theyre dinner getting pisse d off imagining my trolls and dissenters crawling around my house in little butler outfits and expecting tips keurig is building a Mausque inside of a Dave and Busters, and Heres why it matters: thre most classic shit is when somebody on tv or in real life says What about lunch i hate i t when girls think im proposing whenever i take the knee at them in protest dming all the accounts on here who pretend to be horny versions of smallville characters, demanding to know their long-term business plan women aare setting unrealistic body standards by expecting me to wear a tuxedo 24/7 and to not flip out at waiters the most disgusting accounts on here are making claims like, Fred Flintstone is a pimp , with zero evidence my followers behave extremely eratically, like a bunch of sick animals, whenever i go Out of character to post aobut Mens Wearhouse it is my displeasure to report that the TWITTER-MASTERCARD group has frozen my credit card for posting The monster mash sucks i will never name my son Rufus . that, to me, is a dogs name some one has got to stop this guy my followers know i Abhor racism, but i especially dont agree with the thing from old cartoons where black people have dice for teeth My dick is wearing a neck brace this web site sucks my fucking dick. it sucks balls (they add the 280 characters) you blew it. this website sucks shit now things the trolls won't allow me to have: - the blue check Mark - the 260 characters - a nice plaque that says twitter power user reminder to all mh followers that if something i post catches your eye you can Like or share it to your friends w/ that re-tweet button i love getting my gun opinions from cartoon characters and capping government drones from 900 miles away before they blow my shitty house up tthe best posts are the ones that are like, Never tell some one with pectus excavatum to shut the fuck up posts: the best stuff is in here the trolls hav been hiding Easter Eggs in my favorite DVD menus, to encourage exploration & experimentation at the cost of my leisure time jacking off more often (due to Stress) and also jacking off less often (due to Stress) twitter hiring sherlock holmes to prowl the office wih a magnifying glass and find the employee who posted Aids piss on the pizza hut acct i spend a lot of time thinking about how good it would be if someone finally developed a sports app , For the fans consider this: the time and energy it took for you to tell me to Shut the fuck up could have instead been used to breast feed 10 orphans . muting people who like to talk aobut The news instead of posting vignettes about being forced to pour mouthwash down their ass crack thinking about running out of toilet paper and having to wipe my ass with like, dental floss, or a mouth wash bottle, and getting very upset (speaking into phone) get me on the computer if you add me to the dumb ass group chats full of guys i dont know you better believe im leaking that shit to the cops. i do not give a fuck id love to do some posts on here cruising the streets of night time in my Hyundai Sonata. looking for drunk drivers to ram into my favorite combo, you ask? i'll not say to you. you come on line and challenge me with a user name like Lesbian Mr. Clean , i will not respect you, regardless of your skill lefvel ideally.Sleepys Mattress Professionals will get on board with printing DRIL TWEETS on-product, and pull both our brands out of the Abyss delighting my friends and family by doing the chris rock routine about The Big Piece of Chicken but in a worse voice obliterating my load with a blow torch despite the most recent of shit my enemies are now saying, i will never be found, standing on my front lawn , using a Hula hoop My followers are sick thugs, they are Debauched imps, and they love to be made to howl like dogs when i call them my little sewer bitch rats I`ll not be watching the halloween themed episodes of Wheel of Fortune , as I dont find them scary even a little bit. Please and thank you. father wont stop opening my amazon boxesHow to proceed? (Self,Legal) TOP VOTED: put a live wire in his car & light his ass up. Cook his ass thinking of abandoning dreams of becoming a Senator, so i can post about yelling Fuck in the bathroom because i accidentally became racist in order to alleviate the stress of having to witness sub par content on my feed, several of my followers have suggested that i try Heroin bewildered by this one star review of a pocket pussy from a verified buyer that is just the word Stupid theres pills on amazon that make your loads bigger but the guys in the 1-star reviews say they give u diarrhea. dont know whats real anymore I shall perform no new downloads , until this wolrd and the people of it can post along side each other in Harmony, I shall download no more obliterating my illustrious career as guy who assigns letter grades to southpark episodes by begging girls to send me their dental records activating $40 of Cash Back Chase Freedom rewards while the Low Engagement Accounts who troll me on here just shit around on their dicks just put my elbow bthrough the monitor because i thought the cursor was a bug again. nevertheless this setback will not slow down my posting my top advisors are drafting various contingency plans for when all my miscreant followers overdose to death on chilis southwestern eggrolls BREAKING: Millionaire rapist rehab facility lost to random gas explosionDozens of 2nd chances tragically denied Mist of splinters & flesh i would appreciate it if my followesr called me Sir , like they would a Police Man, or any one else with the power to destroy their lives Id like to sincerely apologize for being a beady eyed little fuck-freak. Im hell's shit. Im dog shit's ass. Brand me with a hot iron. Sorry Wife says i should shit in the yard until the toilets fixed. Itll be ok if i cover myself in a tarp. But i want to shit in the broken toilet Everoyone please. Stop sending in things like Cum when snack brands do the guess the mystery flavor contest. They will stop doing them ive decided A. every white colored food is vanilla flavored. especially popcorn. especially mayo B. this opinion will be shown on The News im not saying i dont respect the flag. just saying id respect it more if it was a picture of something thats good to me. like someones lunch just had a nightmare that my account was permanently suspended for referring to the beach boys as the beach boy shit boys i love Going hollywood by retweeting burger king and lock heed martin 1000 times just wasted an entire afternoon at the court house trying to copyright th e phrase Trump look like a uncle seeing the words Farm Fresco on a billboard and having to pull the fuck over from becoming Overstimulated calling out magnetGirl77 for telling me that my dick looks like a piece of fried calamari folks if you think haunted house is scary this halloween i invite you to look at the damn economy and thj dow jones this mother fucking snake who wrote this apartment listing is trying to pad the list of amenities with shit like dart board just planted my big ass through a mans wind shield while trying to get my shirt out of a tree propsoing to twitter a groundbreaking event called The Banquet of Forgiveness , where every blocked person on every account gets unblocked thinking of replacing both of the license plates on my car with a picture of a different car sick and tired of people assuming im taking a shit whenever i go to the bathroom,; while im actually just running my diaper under the sink fdreaming of that special moment when i can look into my wifes eyes and say Thank you. Thank you for marrying me if i do not get my postcount up to 5 digits by the end of this year my peers will forever think im a shit head and my account will be erased ALERT: don pablos app has malware that photo shops your pics to make it look like youre crying & sends them to every girl on my contact list if you put one of those 280 character junkheaps on my feed ill flip a coin to decide if i should block you. i will let God choose your fate. top ten things you do NOT want to hear in the Nursing profession: 10. Shut the fuck up 9. Fuck you idiot 8. Your pay check is in the trash all of my followers are lousy hob goblins and all of the people who dont follow me are dirty dog ghouls i live for th e sensation of adrenaline pumping through my spine when another person on here publicly accuses me of being Off Brand hear this trolls: ive been secretly respecting the flag in the privacy of my garage for 12 hrs a day , maxing out its power to insane levels mournful day fpr comedy fans, upon news that the wife character on Kevin Can Wait will be beheaded with a sword between seasons 1 and 2 im pleased to report, that once again , beer has been voted the Coldest drink yeauh, let me just follow the fucking YouTube account, on twitter. thats fucking normal geting a bunch of reptile habitat sun lamps to beam some much needed vitamin d into my fucking obese skull while i do the rounds on sites us military displays extremely rare princeess diana beanie baby w/ certificate of authenticity in the most devastating show of force to date the Police have stated that rubber neckers and looky loos trying to sneak a peek at the irradiated diaper on 295 will be blasted with poison irradiated diaper on 295 blocking up traffic - 500 car pile up - some one come get this thing if u know what the word consoles means. son , you might be a Gamer since about 1000 people asked , the reason i stopped posting my ass wiping logs is becausr the trolls were using that data to terrorize me . - ass kicked in hooters parking lot - thinks thunder storms are fake - donated 200 Emeralds to the police #ThursdayThoughts is and will forver be the shit version of #TheThursdayNiteRant i have successfully avoided getting a Charlie Horse through out my entire adult life . be the james you want to see in the world - James Bond Petition To Ban Actomom 93 of 1,999,999 Signatures enjoying my Microsoft i have decided to become an Oil magnate, after spending quite some time reading the dictionary definition of the word magnate the wright brothers would be disapointed in people who would rather get on their cellphones and talk bathroom than discover the cure of aids the way i see it, it seems these days, it seems impossible to have a good Economy, in this economy, as i see it learning how to say 1 2 3 and hut hut hut at army all replys to this will get block-buttoned 9/15/17: 0 DRY DAY installing a cyborg tube in my tuxedo which frequently sprays my ass with various advanced powders Make normal car horns LOUDER Make Fire Engines, Ambulances and Police Cars LESS LOUD there are only like 4 girls on this entire site, and theyve all blocked me for saying that snow white and the seven dwarfs are muslim got all these tabs open like Girl poison husband rate and Poisoned husband body count researching if i should want to have a wife or not this site is fucked my most significant personal cultural advancement in the past 10 years is thhat i no longer think the restaurant Chili's is any good 9/14/17: 45 my doctor needs me to keep a log of how many times i wiped my ass but i dont have a pen & paper so i have to do it hgere. sorry 9/13/17: 310 4.2 TB of VR compatible slo-mo footage featuring a man with no teeth shooting a bra using a dsr precision sniper rifle and pistol wipping it to me the most normal career path is to fail at show biz and resort to getting paid by defense contractors to make reddit psots or some shit the guys who make steaks should make all of them grade A steak,. ythese guys have been making this shit for 1000 years, no more excuses id like uh.medium, w/ pepperoni, sausage and onion. just to piss off the trolls. id like a 2-liter of coke to piss off the trolls as well, im sorry but, when you people reply to my posts with things like Fuck you and Fuck your Account it makes me look like a real dumb ass #WENDYSHOAX All girls have exactly $100,000 only TRUTH can bring the the Message Troll , the common dumb ass ,to his knees, so that we may bring the blade down i will never have, never have thought of, and never will think about, engaging in Raw Dog intercourse wih my wife im stupider then dog shit, i dont give a shit, and i dont give a fuck, and i will never shut the fuck up, and i'll always Respect my enemys. studying videos on you tube that other people took of me flipping out and thinking of ways i could make my mouth louder some how i hate all of Groupthink , except for the groupthought that group thinks that groupthink is bull shit my Piss is busted . I consider making my posts good a Moral Imperative . I owe it to my follower's to deliver them a product completely devoid of Nude imagery . I WANT 1 2 3 1. MY DICK SUCKED 2. MY POSTS LIKED 3. MY ASS KICKED when my friends on here create promo accounts for whatever side projects theyre doing but dont follow me on them...its fine. im relaxed of it doing my favorite Shit head activity, kissing a cactus after being fooled nby a mirage the troll wedges the curb between my ass as i lay on my side. no! i shout. im a content producer!! he stomps my ass cheek, finishing me/ Explain your Like . just sold 1000 guns to CONGO in my most radical act of self care to date they should put slot machines in the mc donalds. i want to win baby wife's. you gotta get your man a blue tooth as sure as i am a VETERAN`S SON , i will never move over and let an emergency vehicle pass me , no matter how loud it is Get Your Head In The Game: YouTube .com - Get Your Head In The Game my new jeans girls legs 2017. legs getting shot by paintball guns. Is legs normal. legs on the mind. annihilated by legs when it comes to eating things at restaurants i love the shit that is Fresco just admiring my Pornfree badge . i am above choosing sides here. i hope they either become friends & cancel the match, or beat each other completely to death simultaneously writing fan mail to the police, suggesting some new laws that i think would be good Keep Colm and Look at my posts always needed a come back for this one . pivot to Toilet looking to Max Out my ball's MIss the days when i could post something like Crisp Angel: Birdfreak and get immedialtey a check for 1 Million dollars i hate it when my dick gets dredged in flour, egg and breadcrumbs, in that order Good my stystem can predict all lottery numbers with 100% accuracy. but not the powerball number. it is too powerful i truly believe that i will usher in a new era of peace and prosperity when i get every single post on hthis fucking website deleted by 2022 becoming Inmortal and laughing .. . broke secret sevrice guy turns his pocket inside out and strangles an assassin with it. opens wallet and unleashes a torrent of moths at him if real life was a tv show. the eclipse would be one of the episodes of it closing my eyes and mentally visuelizing my enemies bodies, in 3d , to analyze them for weak points every one must wear a free speech diaper to protest twitter deleting posts that say Fuck the ecliopse and The eclipse is some fake shit i love going to video games forums and posting shit like Please tell me how to like Mario red onion, green onion, yellow uonion, folks this isnt a food, but a traffic light. Get that like button (screams Shut The Fuck Up as loud i can, over and over into a phone for about 4 mins straight) Ah, Cant seem to get good help these days - many people do not realize that after you enjoy a meal out at a restaurant you can pour the entire salt shaker inyo your mouth as a bonus i do not Get porky pig my favorite feature of this site is absolutely no consequences for my opinions sucking ffucking ass and me being 100% wrong about everything top ten how do you stop trolls jokes Q:how do you stop a troll A:Get his key board I CAN CONFIRM HERE AND NOW THAT THE USER GOING BY THE NAME OF OPRAHS_DICK HAS NO AFFILIATION WITH HARPO PRODUCTIONS BLOCK THAT SHIT I Love say ing shit like, At the Louvre, Even the BATHROOMS are nice it saves me so much time , to get my knowledge and opinions of politics from the same guy who sells me eyedrops that make my dick bigger thje teen choice awards blows the kids choice awards out of the fucking water instantly, zero contest #culture #TheArts before you shit on me, lnow this. i have a black belt in shut the fuck up. and - let me finish - i have a college degree in shut the fuck up pistol whipping my self to gain Endurance taking the great Hot Water Challenge in the sky i get emails. i get emails saying the trolls have won, and that i should bow to them, since i have lost the battle. to this i say FAT-CHANCE i deeply apologize for giving like thirty of my followers panic attacks after posting Whats for lunch at 1am EST . darknet 2002: pics of dead guys in bath tubs, warez darknet 2017: discussions amongst the boys as to which of our acquaintances aren t funny im bringing back Lunch. #TheComeBackOfLunch im sorry every one. the mayor ran out of key to the cities so they had to give me the key to all the girls bathrooms instead shacking my head at peoples crap. thinking abou t having a phase in my mid-50s where i wear a whislte every where i go and make everyone around me call me Coach #ConfessYourUnpopularOpinion coats are just big shirts people will be so pissed off when every AI system independently & consistently determines that the absolute perfect tweet is Dolezal Rules Thinking about getting very pissed off on the computer today . watching hours of people on you tube destroying Dennis The Menace logically to max out my SAT scores and live my Best life im sorry for posting that vid of me sitting on the toilet and sneezing like 8 times in a row, and ive ordered my top men to try to delete it (apprehensively tries pouring some orange juice and knocks the glass over like a piece of shit ) ah , they dont make em like they used to. is pregnant part of lbgtq #LGBTBabes picture now, on this Warm Summer's Night, if all the SWEARS on this page were replaced with helpful links to mazda Sign and Drive events i often disagree with DigimonOtis, but his efforts to keep Sharia Law out of the donkey kong 64 wiki are much needed in this wolrd of danger i post at the pleasure of my follower's. people can typd shut the fuck up at me and im not going to. i post at the pleasure of my follower's Oh I was just PostShitting for laughs EXactly. And that is why U forever languish in obscurity while i engage brands U could only dream of the idea of saying Oh, Absolutely. Absolutely in the demonius voice every time i bust my load has suddenly become very good to me Asexual VR wish that for one day, for just one day, that i may live in RAT's WORLD . genius hack: keep all of your toilet paper in the car so you have to walk all the way out there to wipe your ass. it 's Good Exercise switch handle to Gamer Wonk Dont like the posts ? Goto WWW . KILL MY ASS DEAD . COM. smiling to my self. thinking this just might be bat mans biggest adventure yet aahh am a gaamer of constant sorrow, the time has come for verifed mark Heres my new opinion that my followers will absolutely hate and i will make $5000 from saying on the news . Piss is a type of shit dropped a mouthful of spaghetti on my dick just now just occurred to me that i dont have to report to my followers everytime i accidentslly drop food on my dick. my posts should get better now i now hereby declare that all of the guys who reply to my posts are now married to the girls who reply to my posts, and thats that The Moderation and Administrative Staff of the Star Fox Strategy and Technique Discussion Boards DOES NOt encourage its users to crank off, remember folks - you can click on my posts at any time to make them bigger on your screen i love having my druthers (??) my Face when im looking at pictures of other peoples faces on this website that are purportedly reacting to bull s once a year on every forum some guy posts a thread called like Im done with wiping my ass and all the people who get mad at him are banned MAKE NO MISTAKEi Appreciate the flawless, invaluable wisdom posted to us by the celebs, and they, in turn, appreciate my valuable feed back welchs juicemakers, (pauses a moment to collect self, holding one finger up, audience hanging on my crucial forthcoming words) but for piss, one of the all-time classic flubs getting my pussy hammered like a dumb ass WIFE thinks she can tell her man, when to SHIT!! WELL GUESS WHAT! i will SHIT when I LIKE TO! and if that Pisses her off...DIVORCE HER ASS !! lying on my back, screaming like a wildman while my trolls graze my balls with a spinning bicycle tire my favorite angle to park my car at is 45 degrees. i call it The Golden 45 and if you key the shit out of my doors i only become stronger been reckon ive been thinking about heading on up to the big city to (reading note card ) to get my Ass Clowned Dont see whats so funny about me accidentaly getting a tattoo of a diaper, but by all means, dont let me stop the Circle Jerk. By all means, I WILL NEVER PIMP I DESERVE MY WIFE GET OF MY ASS!! KING OF THE ROAD i know of two types of peoplepeople who know bianry, and people who want to morph into a piece of dog shit and get stepped on by a hot lady stinkers or classics. whats good to post im going to start a college called Ass Kick University where i just kick the teens asses when the walk in there. am i RIGHT folks?? i just got logged on to the site and im going to need you all to shut the fuck up for like an hour while i get caught up on my feed here worrying a lot about our geopolitical foes recording& transcribing our military comms and its just 900 pages of Permission To Jack Off Sir it was my idea to make the avatars circles, i got $1.1 Mil for it , im not sorry and if the trolls dont Stfu i will make more things circles watch this marines Epioc response to being told that he should replace his gun with an enormous lollipop if iyou come on here talking to me about your penis, or saying unreasonable things about my penis, your account will be Knocked down when the doctor ask's you for a stool sample but you dont know how much he needs so you load up like an entire keg with turds Just in case feel like im the only person smart enough to notice how much hourglasses suck compared to normal clocks i detect a trace amount of piss in the public pool, turn purple & foam at the mouth. i scream as the lifeguard injects me with piss antidote pissed off by my nintendo peripherals and other stupid shit rattling around toomuch in my $1600 brief case getting too big from steroids and smoking cigaretts in front of girls, walking around like a dumb ass, waddling like i got a log in my pants thinking aobut turning into a wolf and kicking hurricane sandys ass respecting the Serpent. i have not forgotten the crimes of Tweety Bird (in not knowing what chickens coming home to roost means voice) looks like the chickens have come home to roost, DONE WITH people who think that ronald macdonald is a real person someone on here just called me a Cunk because my wife wont let me buy a harp my idiot trolls get ulcers whenever i say my top 10 favorite film quotes to girls Bandwagon Hiptser: Everyone who has normal opinions is a rat ME(Normal opinions): Youre a dumb ass because youre in a circle jerk against me my ass looks like a fucking frankensteins ass when twitter verifies shit like, oscar the grouch from seasme street, instead of my acct, i get so mad that i kick fucking holes in the wall everyone please soend me the money equivalent of whatever your reply is worth instead of putting your words underneath my posts from now on gah. turned a corner too quickly and maimed my nuts Just like the damn bomper sticker says -I Will flip my car on top of you and snuff you out if i see you DAB , Regardless of race I just read in Forbes, that even Gamers can become millionaire now. I read this is Forbes people who jack off in the bedroom: spiritual, harmonious, Attuned people who jack off in the bathroom: intellectual, mechanical, productive ive decided that gabagool is italian for Lunch writing a scathing letter to THE MEDIA for letting me become DUMB as SHIT !! me and the boys pooled together our total life savings of $1789.34 in a last ditch effort to rescue the failing quiznos brand from the brink men guy Hu! Lets see those favs. One Two Three mother fucker calling himself Elmer Fudd on the CS server, NEed I remind you that, on the show, Elmer Fudd's Kill Count is essentially Zero? banne d from the Laugh Factory after getting on stage and forgetting if husbands like the toilet seat up or down you cant like dms dick head i extend to all my Pregnant Woman followers... the hand of Unity nothing will ever be the same again #wikileaks looking for Coins if i get on here and say something like Readers Digest Sucks Cock do you think theyll give me a free subscription wow. look at this DUMBASS: SHut the fuck up THE WISE MAN: No you shut the fuck up computer DeleteMyPorno EraseMyPorno MIRACLE: world's most compassionate man posthumously marries every Woman who has ever died in the line of duty #EidMubarak thinkinga bout paying a newspaper $1million dollars to run my opinions regarding the Circus my friends and colleagues in the dms are begging me to jack off to balance out my stress levels. but im not jacking off. i will not do it geiting my mother fucking ass Rolled for taking too many pictures of the gym going to the fire station to kick all the firemens asses wearing my fat ass denim overalls unlike normal humans, geniuses do not like bull shit im the only guy who knows how to call out the bull shit of society the smart way. and against all odds i do it for free I lvoe giving thousands of dollars to my real friends while kicking my fake friends asses the secret -- to becoming a content genius -- is that you have to be able to name every font face on the planet while being water boarded havent gotten any sleep since group dm split off into like 3 separate factions because XenoMarcus said metalGearEric's chili looks like shit you d o not have to tip the waiter if you say Thank You more than 50 times, over the course of the meal revealing the gender of my baby by eating a whole bunch of food dye and taking a huge pink shit in front of my relatives. ah!! its a girl !! THE BOYS: were watching the mr bean episode where you can see his ass. get over here ME: cant. wifes making me watch mr beans holiday (2007) downloading some very interesting pictures of DJs laying in the submissive position, letting a gang of trolls piss all over me and saying Im getting too old for this shit like a bad ass i lovoe challenging people on here to Duals and beaning them with a sniper rifle while theyre like fucking with their phone, waiting for me best part of being a #Verified is undoubtedly having cops throw flash grenades through the window of anyone who tweets the word Ass at you going to start thinking it's Not a good look to order 1000 island dressing without being able to name the 1000 islands oerdering 40 plates of baby back ribs on a stolen credit card so that i can get enough wet naps to clean my entire body #JustGuyShit #normal (accidentaly fires entire ar15 magazine into my foot & leg with 100% accuracy rate) alright. thats fine. heres what i think happened, [1/82] (trying to apologize for sending dick to 900 girls) you see the phones have a front & back camera. so taking pictures is really complicated, the account has too many jerk off posts on it the account has too many posts about going to the toilet. i cant relate to that fuck yoyu im thinking a tiny palm-sized toilet you can just keep on your desk & jack off into would soon become as ubiquitous as the personal computer For years many have wondered what the letters 'dC\\ in washington DC stand for. The answer is quite simple: Dollars & CEnts Winnie the Pooh FOOL: Election day should be a national holiday GOD: No. Elections shault be held on the day of April Fool's, to teach WASHINGTONDC a lesson the reviews are in folks I just got word that the trolls are atempting to change the name of the Stratolaunch LEO aircraft to The Stalwart Pussy. We must stop them me & the boys will be holding hands., forming a Covenant Ring, to protest girls who only want to fuck the main pirate from the pirate movies ellen made me sign some papers and put a big blown up picture of my leathery dick on her show instead of my topical tweet. ellen fooled me i would like to invest $500 million fucking dollars into this please i see the followers that guys like have and wonder, why can't i have followers who are nice ?? why are all of my followers pricks jason born is smarter than steven hawking, combined (dick gets caught in car door which drives away, rips it completely off along with half my torso, intestines spill everywhere) Holy Mackerel (after sendding 500,000 messages to Arbys without getting any favs or replies) i dont care. their commercials arent even that funny any way, driove 5 hours to rodneygamerfield's apartment to sit on his mattress and watch the animatrix while he played on the computer. mindless drones: i will wipe my ass. i will wipe my ass. really brave and handsome guy: no!! i will NOT wipe my ass i regret to inform my followers that the fig leaf i wear on my pud at all times has migrated to my ass hole and is stuck inside of there now absolutely pounding a zip lock bag of cut up hot dogs in the portle potty too many movies about rats i love spending 10000 dollars to make my car loud as shit and suck ass i finally learned how to photoshop the bitter fbeer face onto women after spending 15 years jacking off to the keystone bitter beer face ads mario means penis in japanese triyng to calculate the precise amount of gunpowder needed to blow up my dick, and only my dick if i find the mother fucker who ruined my daughters lives by changing his wifi name to the poop bathroom i`ll have his balls on my mantel (ass sticking out of pants spraying poison everywhere whlie i step towards the podium to apologize to the press) Ah Shit. I forgot my notes, SEX !! !! .now that i have you're attention, here are some pictures of me and my wife having sex imgagine if people went through life trying to collect IQ Points in so as much as they try to collect Dollars. verify me. verify my account getting really into the idea of sleeping on all fours like a dog until my spine becomes super fucked up how can i possibly enjoy a moment's respite, when thousads of my followers could be giving my posts The finger, without me even knowing it i consider protected, locked accounts, to be the most Powerful accounts. for it is they who have Blocked the entire world james bond: ill fire 1 round and suck your Dick before you hit the floor. ill kick the floors dick off and fuck its ass hellboy 2: Game on my new shit: Burger king = mc donalds Please let me know what you think of my new shit, and provide suggestions on how I can improve it. if the infamous OCTO MOM were to come out of the woodwork and start preaching to us of her thoughts of politics, i would just about SHIT... (band plays me on stage, wearing tux) The constitution grants me the right to eliminate those I deem disloyal to our nation (light laughter) as the man who was personaly tasked with wiping roger ailes ass id just like to say theres no way im more than 40% responsible for his death we here at the teen outreach initiative love to PULL THE RAT and CRUSH A LOAD like the rest of them. we know how to jack off weve toiled to bring you the greatest specifically tailored user experience of all time. PLease uncheck the box that says Shut the fuck up DM-Girls ask why I seem cold. Distant, lately. The reason is This: My rivals obtained 3D models of my dick & are now sending me dildos of it i am wirting the worst fucking book of all time and none of you can stop me to the trolls Donald Fump. Poop fuck some people say, normal peoples brains work in 2-D, while famous authors brains work in 3-D. congrats all. thanks to your tireless efforts, and unrelenting, coordinated aggression, the cheese cake factory now serves, The Eucharist when i told u all i had to get my dick surgicly shortened b/c i slept on it wrong and injured it, i opened myself to you, and you Spat on me my problems with who to follow 1.i dont know most of these people well enough to burden them with a follow 2.it should be whom to follow CNN NEWSWIRE: the guy who voiced the dog in the beggin strips commercials is now beggin; the american public to put a stop to jade helm 15 my main issue with master chief fucks cortana is if you read the halo novels youd know the space suit automatically jacks master chief off everoynes talking about comey but, get this: i dont even know who he is 2934 RT 1293 FAVS i dont know what nintendo is either 0 RT 0 FAVS i would not discount pua techniqes just b/c girls are wise to them now. for instance,w. a few modifications i can use them to rear pit bulls currently seeking buyers for Zonked in the Pecker thw only sit com where the wife punchs her husband in the dick at least once per episode running multiple red lights while listening to the radio jockeys Flawless dr. evil impersonation and scream-laughing if you accidentally spill an entire 7-11 big gulp on a sears mannequin they will throw it out and you can go have sex with it in the trasg top 10 diapers annihilated by throwing axe Fuck sopa sensing activiy from one of my known Black Listed Accounts. do not engage of it, lest you intend to shit on me & everything ive worked for inventing the Vertical Sandwich, that you can eat hands free, like a ffucking dog how likely are you to tell a friend about mcodnalds thinking i can help girls bycruising around town selling tampons and pads out of my ford Fusion for cost of product + gas money klout score + IQ = Amount of $ in bank ATHLETE: THERE IS NO HOCKEY WITHOUT PUCK ATHELETE: THERE IS NO FOOTBALL WITHOUT BALL WISEMAN(SMILING):THERE IS NO WISDOM WITHOUT BRAIN guy reading tweets out loud at a gathering: ah, ah, check this out. he just posted, Leeroy the Jenkins guy everyone else there: Thank you Leeroy the Jenkins guy my The Banquet of Posts has now ended. There were so many posts from lots of different people on here, and they w i propose,on may 5th, we hold what i call the Banquet of Posts. we go all out on that day & do as many posts as we can. The Banquet of Posts SOup is not lunch. Soup is a condiment #promfail unaware of big wet towel hanging out of ass; whipping around knocking over refreshments as i get agitated in response to Hostility imagine a world where we could all smell our turds while theyre still in our body. capital one whats in your wallet ON LINE... the us census has analyzed 100 million diapers and figured out which race has the worst smelling turds ,making live leak comments obsolete thinking i might be able to get the blue check mark if i post a 40 page manifesto and spray piss all over the fresh produce at krogers ah,. so I see you too have an interest in tech, and epic sciencse. Get this, i just read that each bitcoin is now worth, over 100 bitcoins Every Women by SegaBoris Every women is a rich tapestery , Woven by the lord to be Nice, Never Racist, and always Have a interesting life 4\\ 8 man pile driven by beloved 102-year old crossing guard Mr. Jim after making a racket at payless shoes having my Balls exfoliated by a Doctor top complaints im working on: - the racism ( of course) -posting the same shit over & over for years -not posting enough of the classic shit i love iwt when a big thought bubble appears over my head featuring guys pouring entire bottles of barbecue sauce out into a thick pile AUNT: We will miss our Guinea Pig Charlie who had to be put down today ME: NAtural Selection At Work. COUSIN: I will fucking rout your ass my favorite part of the classic 16 tons song is when he threatens to kill me and beat the shit out of me for no reason in the middle of it in retaliation for amazon accidentally charging me for 100,000 prison uniforms i will review each of them with the despised rating of 1 star Flying to Dubai, UAE, to jack off in a hotel room. im not tipping any more waiters until the facts come in, regarding Putin wringing my dick out like a sponge and letting all that gray water drip all over my bluesuede shoes wish that was me Traitors check out this little guy if you have never seen him. his name is mickey mouse and you can find him on any computer i post one amazon referral link to osme mens bathing suits that i found very tasteful/practical & you all act like i put a gun to your heads suckng off a wadded up bra in honour of national bra day or what ever. i dont know. who gives a shit Blocking my wife's account, at the advice of my therapist, TekenChauncey (flips wallet up in the air and tries to catch it in a cool way but spills its contents all over th e place ( $2)) YOU: jacking off is everything. jacking off is my raison d'tre ME: jacking off is a zero sum fool's game and im clicking x on this chat now every day, send one teen to iraq, and bring one truoop home to experience the hardship of teens life. #AnotherMansShoes thinking back to it... most slaves, only had to deal with one master. the Modern Content Producer has it far wrose, having to please millions 96 year old man goe's back to kindergarten after losing ihs job at the chemical weapons factory due to Gas Prices and the Economy #InspireMe done retweetinh husband accounts. it has become Trite, and Obnoxious to me. Thomas Husband shiting into a tube while earning $4 an hour from home 2016. NEed I say absolute shitting more? spending time thinking about a fucking disastrous hypothetical penis that has a hole thats wider than the shaft, like a funnel. and frowning paying women to ram me with thier cars now, all trhis talk in the media about me not wiping my ass; i dont know where all this is coming from. if any thing, i wipe my ass too much hello. what is your online user handle please? ok. ok thanks. blocked calmly browisng my 100 Sites per day, as recommended by the experts please refrain from writing extraneous stupid shit on the bass drum in any of your future stock images you cock suc pissed thr fuck off by Dub step a Husband said to a Doctor. Write me up a prescription of Myfuckin ... Indeed, yes. Myfuckin Beer, Myfuckin cofe,Mmyfuckin slippers, etc ilove the idea of beating the shit out of my Son's rival's dad at the little league game with a suitcase full of cash a perfectly formed snow ball just came out of my ass if this board was real life id be allowed to embed as many bmp files as I want to. if this board was real life you'd change your tune quick my loyal followers are calling me a Pussy because a car kicked up a piece of rebar or something and popped me inthe fucking teeth at 99mph yes trolls. unlike you, i have a brain. its called a JOB consider the cornerstone of my beloved acct...the Follow Back Guarantee. i will follow you back always. no matter how much you suck shit, i rescind my 2009 tweet bat man fucks joker , as i now understand, through the wisdom of age, that bat man adheres to a noble moral code this shit really hits home for me since i was once forcibly removed from a united airlines flight for having a bee hive stuck on my head please do not say top notch to me unless you want to spend hrs explaining what the fuck these notches are & who determines their hierarchy taking up a precious spot in the line for the overcrowded bathroom so i can sneeze into the toilet one single time theres a magic number of times you can reply to me before a police man automatically destroys you. nobody has ever reached it, but its there how come when s, bannon gets removed from the national secuirty council nobody gives a shit, but when it happens to me everyone kicks my ass forum gods: 1) the guy who dug a big hole in his basement & posted pictures of the hole 2) the guy who intentionally gave his wife head lice downloading shit loads of counterfeit papa john coupons through unsecure wifi net works me and my followers would be very pleased to see the national reinstatement of the cobble stone road. a master piece in engineering when i see people putting up foul language on to the feed, all i can do is laugh, knowing that they will never get their posts read on Ellen more then anything... these noodles sucked thinking of becoming a Pipes dipshit inconspicuously jacking off duringi the board meeting using a series of ropes and pulleys Mr. Ass Health 1998 Mpuh. I could take the time to pick your pathetic posting logic opinions into shreds, but i wont, because i have a life in real life, Thanx, now, bear with me folks. if you want to know why i would post something like stuffing my fat pussy with sage , simply look at the calendar. stuffing my fat pussy with sage could not find the hospital in time to console my dying grandpa because googlemaps changed all the road names to Bacon Street or some shit all credit, for this image, goes to Snooker they got the idea of shocking gay people, into straight, from the episode where fred flintstone gets bonked in the head and becomes a Genius #85Collapse ive been saying from the very beginning that interstate85 fucking sucks ass. now that it collapsed girls are blowing my phone up my fuckin opinion of politics? heres my fuckin opinion of politics. not a single senator in the history of the united states, has been white i have squandered the last of my fathers good will by christening our new boat with the name of S.S. Mind Of Mencia the state of owl sfx on you tube fucking sucks ass my promise to all women: my promise to all women is that i will seal theur nudes in a velvet envelope, and wont open it until im 100 yrs old considering referring to my feed ,from now on, as The Signature Collection, at casual get-togethers, mensa meetings, etc drawing that big boy hair... therapeutic im the guy at mcdonalds who decides which states the offers are not valid in, an d i get more death threats than god would like to get one post out today without my son taking me to task in the replies ffor letting my ex wife take the car whos the true detective Kurnis i may not know jack shit , but i know my friend Jack fists and he would like to come to knock the shit out of your teeth, calming down, with magnets just had to click down the 4th post today about our mr. president's thick hooters . lets clear off the bathroom mouth got a big piece of velcro stuck to my big ass you know society is ASS-FUCKED when people spend more time wiritng Tweets , than bibles saying augh out loud every single time I move the phone away from my lap and reveal to my self, my pud, which looks like a coiled turd much of bliged mr buzz feed here folks. just lost my job again, this time by trying to sniff a flower on a mans shirt and getting water squirted in my face damn right he did ,my name is borat for me to poop on and i love riding the short bus to the olive garden where i live bubba burger is short for bubba hamburger and the y take pride in serving absolute shit to nobodys harvard geniuses/ scientists love to wind down by going on boards and posting threads named like What is the screen resolution of a mirror booty is code word for ass . this is known Unamused by the portmanteau of Groupon geting a wife (emotionlessly) tacos is spanish for food i fear my tropical fish no longer respect me after i accidetnally stumbled backwards & smushed my ass hole right up against their $3000 tank im near certain there is a hotly contested tug-of-war between fox executives upon the issue of whether or not homer simpson can show his ass matrix 2: pedaphile killer i would really love to try getting my dick stuck in a pine cone. but i wont due to trolls man at national cemetery tackled down, face shoved into grass until head turned purple for saying may the 4 be with you to each dead troop miss when the favs were star shaped, instead of heart shaped. the hearts aare just another filthy product of the horny industrial complex nneed the emoji to be the size of an actual mans head on my screen please. to suspend disbelief (dming the girls) this swebsite is the future. were pioneering. minds (dming the boys) this website is sellout. this website is family guy im on a watch list for capitalizing Balls visiting New World's reasons to invite me to the next Tweet Up : 1) if i get unruly i can be easily overpowered 2) i know which seasons of the simpsons are good (the trolls watch in astonishment as the milk shake they threw at me flawlessly bounces off of my head wwith minimal pain and mess involved) jacking off is Alphamail turning a big dial taht says Racism on it and constantly looking back at the audience for approval like a contestant on the price is right inexplicable dip in google hits on my web site Wayne Tracker, which has provided up to date info on the upcoming Waynes World 3 since 1998 some people get their accounts suspended for cursing out celebs... i get mine suspended for posting things like Sports is making a comeback NO. I DO NOT PUT OUT FOR MY GIRL FOLLOWERS. UNLESS YHEY 1) ARE NICE TO ME 2) HAVE FAVED AT LEAST 5 POSTS FROM MY TREASURY SERIES old screensaver: spinning 3d monolith with my wife on it new screensaver: marquee that says Truck Month regardless of what month it is (girl tells me shes sick) aahh that sucks so much. you can come over & have some of my mens one a day vitamins. probably works on girls too, PEOPLE MAG: which pop culture icon are u going to Slaughter next. ME: I have set my sights on The Boogie Woogie Bugle Boy of Company B. mesmerized by the branding, of the Wendy's Arby's Group mmy next big emotional investment is becoming passionately covetous of the bowls of warm tap water that are commonly left out for dogs were at the point now, folks, twhere the CIA will kill you for having Opinions, but refuse to assassinate the nitwits who fuck with my Page. DAD: i just heard on t he news that teens are taking the Kick My Ass challenge. please dont do this ME: you have no power over me, old man (wtaching a video of capt Jack Sparrow shitting on the number 2016 while the camera zooms in and out of his ass hole) Oh this is everything, Please. The time has come for you to Normalize the repulisve and despicable Digimon Otis. No. I will not normalize that fool ,or his sins. it is so hard folks, to maintain my world famous Post- Racial Outlook, when the damn gas prices refuse to stay down tto a reasonable level, in 2015 user chanegd the world when he deprived himself of using the toilet as part of the #NoPiss challenge. now, hes taking on Turds i lvoe and cherish all of the girls of this site, and other websites. you all become my wife more and more with each passing day. Thank you reading a 900 page book on Dry Rubs and immediately forgetting all of it and just dumping a shit load of cocoa pebbles on my ribs Disrespected at hooters again genius 1.0, is fucked the police cut off my finger for sending my birth mark shaped like the under armor logo to the under armor social media manager unsolicited. -dont click on nudtiy -do not respond to nudity -wear a loin cloth underneath your clothes in case theyre ripped off by mechanical equipment i am only here to field questions regarding my presidential bid. i will not discuss my ongoing project, tentatively titled Aids Mario. the next time they do a live stream of a rare endangered bird they should let users control one of those old timey horns that goes AWOUGA be warned america. 1st they get us fired from amtrak for saying jacking off in the control car is good, next they start poisoning our wendys INTERVIEWER: do you have customer service experience ME: if I catch a customer shoplifting I will serve him a knock out. I will own his life (someone chastises my secret underground gym b/c poor ventilation, medical access etc) if my gym kills any one it will be you mother fucker. authorities forced to destroy entire 35,000-ton chernobyl sarcophagus after misunderstood online entrepreneur gets his dick stuck beneath it in the year 3000 historians examine the preserved contents of an ancient time capsule: a piece of cardboard that says Game cube sucks dick an angel slips a booklet of my top posts into the pockets of the pope, the master of islam, and b.netanyahu, and the world Rejoices in song massive, hulking gorilla of a man, compeltely covered in hair, lying on a mattress and jacking off to his one immaculate shaved leg (shows up at new media seminar with a chunk of wooden fence stuck around my neck and a bunch of stray animals following me) sorry every one ACCOUNTANT: I Just don't know how you can justify donating $700 to Chips Ahoy ME: i hope your car flips & becomes your fucking firey grave every singe day. my followers ask me. where can i get the latest Kfc DinnerPlan. and the answer is simple my friends. Mc Donalds if this post gets 5000 likes, my wife will give me back my inhaler issuing correction on a previous post of mine, regarding the terror group ISIL. you do not, under any circumstances, gotta hand it to them (plays some Tchaikovsky records at the highest possible volume) ah it sucks ass. but my IQ is increasing so much leafing thtrough another heap of death threats and served papers that have been 100% tailored to my interests, using Tech man in moving car slaps me in the face with big hand full of dog shit ,flipping me the fuck backwards,landing with full weight upon my neck, my dick is bulb shape, nobody helps me, and whenever my browser needs to be updated i call the police several bernie Sander Bros, in High Levels of govt, have told me they think its good that DJT keeps ivanka feet pics in the nuclear football i hate it when the refferree kicks me in the balls and ass while my opponent has me in a head lock look, im not saying that martin luther king jr was a gamer. that would be ludicrous. im simply saying that if games had existed at the time, I GOT - SUCKED OFF - AT HISTORIC COLONIAL WILLIAMSBURG huge banquet, everyones having a nice time, everything looks extremely normal, except the big banner hanging from the rafters Racist Mensa i love doing the shitty pushups where my knees are touching the ground and counting them as real pushups never say to me, the word WaWa hey all . just learned about this new shit here, i think you will like it if you enjoy using the computer please help my cousin Bruno_THought_Leader who just had his account suspended for threatening to Fuck brexit going t o start saying, Wife City whenever i see an attractive woman. e.g. thats Wife City or that girl is Wife City to me people come up to me and say, I will never use the bathroom. I will never shit and i gotta tell them pal, sooner or later youre gonna shit free mustard offered at burger king. genius?? or a Beta Move a crass message got on here some how and im trying to debug it. in the meantime please check out what if instead of oil-- the warhawks were all after the enemys piss. like we gotta take baghdad. we gotta get their piss. just having fun pleased to announce that i will shatter all barriers in 2017 by becoming the first adult gerber baby amusing that i am constantly told those words of Fuck off by the girls of here. when i can hook them up with any App that they desire. can any one who knows of Politics tell me if this is good or not COnsuidering becoming one of those jack asses who gets head aches from wi-fi god once said pit bull thinking about hopping on some sites tomorrow. havent made a decision yet but i will let you all know. sound off in hte comments below. trying desperately to come up with a name for my new cajun styled recipe that isnt racist and just fucking up constantly in the worst ways MAIN STREAM MEDIA: why do all your jack o lanterns have a hole in the back thats the exact circumference of your dick ME: no further queston New Wet Ass ((attempts to dress up for hte first time in my life to attend Grandmas funeral but ends up looking like a school shooter from the matrix) once again ive been reported for calling Odie The dog from Garfield to make people think i know less about garfield lore than i actually d ask me anything u please, as long as its about my ambitious plan to build a castle in the Jungle for the apes to live in, called Ape House the show, Hee-Haw, sucks mother fucking ass pig nosed man arrested for trying to whisk an egg using his fingers Jsut arranged an 8-count box of pop tarts to be sent to a girls house. Looking forward to explaining to her how to prepare them CHILD: Papa... tell me once more about WIFE's DUTY PAPA: it is WIFE's DUTY to protect her husband from villains, always (ffully immerses self in a picture of sponge bob saying Dat Boy Tho ) alright here it is folks. big things are coming. Let us build the Content of tomorrow -the drew carey show forums harbor a subforum named Hell -users are sent there when they absolutely fuck up while talking about drew carey when journalism was good, the trolls think its SO FUNNY when they sit on my lap and jostle their hips around until i ejaculate al over their ass. grow the fuck up Damn. the MomTown forums just started requiring 4 point Mom Verificaiton to be able to post there for some reason...anyone got a work around? please stop aksing me in the dms if i have to go to the bathroom. i just went to the bathroom and im fine. goblin: im going to put up a post saying that the fake news is good, and that i like it more than i like the real news ME: not so fast bitch someobdy on here just sent the cup of stfu to isis and all of the mainstream media outlets are refusing to report it things im currently in trouble for accidentally Liking: 1) a picture of a girl 2) the Mafia Adorn Your Front Door With A Tasteful Welcome Mat Or Shut Dah Fuck Up trapped, fully nude, in restaurant bathroom. boss & his wife will be here in 10mins. trying to see if i can make a tuxedo out of tolet paper once you achieve the coveted post count of Seven Thousand.Thats when you gain access to the prestigious halls of MENSA. not one post less. the more i think about it, them ore i understand that if i won the Nobel Prize, i would become either a genius, or a millionaire this's police. your ass is grass. your tits are toast. your dick is dirt. your balls are busted. your mouth is Mother Fucked. your shit is s (carying a huge polkadotted bindle, looking like a dumb ass , shoes completely untied) Mother... Father. Im leaving home to join the cops 95% of people these days think the bad celebrities are good. like and share this if you miss the days when pople li scribbling my exposed dick out of this photo with a blue bic pen so its good enough for linked in between the gun & the blade... throwing knives are the Best of both worlds when it comes to eliminating thousands of home intruders at once two bearded 55 yr old intellectuals, sitting opposite of each other in two stately leather seats. musing upon the concept of a Paper mario i had that dream abgain. the one where im at the coliseum, annihilating shitloads of roman gladiators by drifting around in my macktruck all the pictures of bacon on the #nationalbaconday hashtatg look like utter dog shit , these people are out of their mind, uploading these breaking down mentally because im all out of toiolet paper and i cannot decide which wendys coupon to wipe my ass with children... toddlers... babies...they all got one thing in common. they all truly believe they can kick my ass. but they are Fundamentally Weak (dismissing waitress handing me the check with a hand wave) no thank you. i dont believe in any of that if one more Fucking girl comes on hhere asking for pics of me or my friends feet i`ll shut down my multi-million dollar corporation for good the human mind. perhaps the most powerful weapon. second only to the GUN if I could only get my Nasty mitts on some HARD-WARE , (RAM , Chips, ) my posts would improve tenfould, Howard Stern should start a pod cast may be one of the worst things ive ever posted, but still seems unfair to have my tires slashed daily dr oz says due to the sheer volume of milk & cookies santa consumes, you have no hope of poisoning him with piss or cum. wont even notice it dr oz tells me on his show that you can just pour a shit load of mouthwash into your laundry instead of wasting money on various detergent's first you got th e 3d tv. now you got the 4k. whats next. 5 cornering a janitor for 50 minutes to tell him how i was once involved in a polyamourious relationship w/ the guy who said lee roy jenkins taking my treat plate into the bathroom with me because my followers are a wolf in sheeps cltohes my fatass head floating in the sky, looking down at all the Girls i follow bantering/ having a nice time on here, nodding, thinking its good im going to be one of thsoe guys who writes ebooks named like Brain God: Calculation Master then spend all day screaming at people on here the bird bath institute considers any stone bowl between the size of 8 to 40in. to be a bird bath and they are sick of people disputing this i will not build a single snow man. until i respect , all of the real men, first Maybe the phones get smart enough... They will do the yapping, for us ! GeniusTalk - dog food has been putting subliminal messages in theire food to make dogs think they taste good - TruthVisions people named fucking Curtis need to get a grip, and start calling themselves Curt which is a rteal name NO BULL SHIT is not just a phrase i like to say, it is also a way of live if you have ever retweetted me without it equaling endorsing me , i will shatter your smart ass little turd stained laptop against my legs my ass looks like a Stooge's ass from now on. i am calling everyone who is a dumb ass. Anti- Intelligeance ive mastered Draogns Path, ive not taken a shit in over 20yrs,& im willing to have my ass hole inspected by a notary public, to prove this eating 1/2 lb of beef boulougnase and getting roid rage from it reasons the famous statue The Thinker is better than selfys & cell phones: - It is a classic - It is for geniuses to look at - It costs $0 fellas. you know i dont ask for much. but my fake US embassy in Ghana just got shut down and i dont know if i can make rent next month, top 3 Engagements 1. faved by Charles Martinet... voice of Mario 2. direct message from the official Lunchables account 3. the one to my wife extremely frail man, tasked with gathering hundreds of dildos thrown onto the football field by overzealous fans booed incessantly; Reviled DOCTOR: you have the balls of an 80 year old man. your dick is mostly normal. your pubes suck. I didn't look at any other parts of you ME: h would like to issue a correction ,regarding my comments of Japanese toilets. they do spray water on your ass, but they do not suck you off . FELLA's. WHEN YOURE WIPING YOUR WIFES ASS. YOU MUST ALWAYS, ALWAYS USE TOILET PAPER everyone thinks youre a celeb when all your cars windows are tinted but people only get those so they can jack off on the go i do not give a shit of the official WHOTUS stance, i refuse to hear it, i will never forgive the turkey, i will not bow to that filthy bird some one explain please to me why the letter board at my local arbys has said happy hour for months now, before i get the police involved ive been known to look at 2, even 3 emails , at the same damn time reality tv show where we replace one lucky boy's pc gaming chair with a fully functioning toilet. every episode everyone loves it when i go to their parties and mix all the whips together (cool wip, reddi wip, miracle whip etc) like a fucking shit head surprised that nobody here had ever used the phrase pissed on execution style unttil i described my poor customer experience at hhgregg U O U if you ask me this election could end about 100 different ways: 1) trump gets 0% of the vote 2) trump gets 1% of the vote 3) trump gets 2% o the worst part of having an ass is always, having to wipe the damn thing. the best part of having an ass is shitting. #ElectionFinalThoughts it is so beautiful to me, to have my ass lovingly wiped by my girl friend, knowing nothing is more pure than this bond, Nothing more strong, here are this year's Vote Multiplers for election day. no, they do not stack policeman - 10x army man -12x verified acct - 15x Asexual - 18x blue jean's. Activated . accosted by several of my followers last night... would nnot fuck off, awful, screeching voices...overpowering urine smell. Terrible. Terrible in base ball theres only points and players. i will be Shut Down for typing this. FETID BOZO: Ah oil spills are bad WISE ADULT: the sun will evaporate the oil, & the wheel of mother gaia spins goodly, As does all things, how do i add GUNS to my posts ... ironing my suspender straps and treating them with powders. in the privacy of my study.making the nit wits and losers absoltuley furious i got lock jaw from eating pasta out of a dogbowl and my wife will be here in 2 hours to marry me. help me githu handing print outs of my most beloved arliss (arli$$) quotes to trick or treaters (playing russian roullette and its my turn) hasta the vista mother fucker (shoots the other guy i think that in 2013 digimon otis was seirously convinced that they were going to change the name of gamestop to gameMosque when somone posts a vile piece of home decor in the group dm but you have to bite your lip because youre on the lowest sub-tier. when you click on the tweet and it says Whoops! Something went wrong thats how you know its good i believe that while i was Resting, Aeris_Nader, the snake that he is, dropped a pinch of baking soda into my ass crack and poisoned me im an adult, and i deserve to listen to the verison of the super bowl shuffle where thw word Ass is not censored by the referee `s whistle thats how you type the word pinp thank you normand people do not appreciate the grace and dexterity that is required to shave the fat pink rolls on the back of my head that looj like hotdogs unfollow , unsubscribe, block and mute all Gambler's it is tragic that my followers refuise to obey my direct orders , and that i am often told to get Ass-Fucked when i ask for pieces of food if you turn the patterns on their shirts 90 degrees. the trusted REFEREE becomes the despicable PRISONER... truly life is a fragile Bitch you gotta check out my posts is wiki leaks hacking twitter agian or are the people leaving numb skull comments on my page actual human beings palm thrust my entire head through the fucking wall and kick my big ass while im trapped like a stuck hog BOSS: i need you to go around to all the other employees and collect their piss in this thermos ME: Yes Sir! I will not fail you, your honor there is NOTHING wrong with having 1 Million Doallrs you are NOT defined by your one million dollars. having 1 Million Dollars is normal IVE ALWAYS SAID IT !! the people we see of today are somewhat more known to care more of their Face Book Status, than their Brain Status . A tag has been placed on Utz Quality Foods, Inc. requesting that it be speedily deleted from Wikipedia. i accept that all the things i post For Fun are to be met with physical violence, including elbows to the face, shattered knee caps, etc, i do not find it unreasonable , during my scheduled Cleaning, to ask my dentist to wash my dick as well, since my dick is basically a tooth, ive never met any of them, but i know that there are guys out there who name their dogs shit like Rover and Fido BREATHTAKING: clever husband sells all of his sons war medals on ebay as punishment for exceeding family plan data caps Im the guy who exclusively wipes his ass with the disposable seat covers my followers love to Drool & Shit like a bunch of dirty daugs; and they would see me damned to Hell if i cut off their precious content flow theyre called millennials because thier souls are 1000 years old... - truthGamer i can not catch a break folks. my 78 yr old son has been pissing into the boiler some how and making our home smell like a reptile enclosure fucking a stack of emoji t-shirts at target or kmart or wherever the hell post I love the mcdonalds Five for Five plan if you support Don. post Mcdonalds five for five is Bumpin if you support Hillary J Clinton check out the new Five For Five offer at mc donalds. thats Five soda's for five bucks Or your money back for every bra yo u dont wear i will wear 3 Bras #NoBraDay DISRESPECTFUL !! DISRESPECTFUL !! the crowds shriek, upon learning that the scene of bat man wiping his ass & sucking his own dick is Cut, (wearing one of those fucking stupid hats with the word Press on it) mr president! do you think DC Films should show bat man taking a shit COMPUTER . SHOW ME MORE KEN BONE SHIT Ive been studying to become a Pharmacist Thats good. Im living in one of those crane game enclosures now. Sometimes the claw jacks me off, told to Sit my ass down after wasting my one question at the town hall meeting by asking if the secret service agents get to see them nude waushington running amok. #JustMyThoughtsOfIt (everyone in dm notices ive been trying to type something for 10min straight) sorry all. iwas just writing down a girls phone number in here were at the point now, that when i offer to impregnate my girl followers, people assume my motives are sexual. disgusting, grow the fuck up, Thoroughly Unimpressed. i feel, as I, over time, become even more of a Dumb Ass, i am able to consume web-based content and Media at increasingly Blistering speeds, getting fucked up new reports that both of the vp candidates were washed and scrubbed in the same big bathtub, minutes before the debate 5000 Year Old Turds Found In Ancient Diaper Revealed By Scientists To Belong To Man With Small Penis, Shapely Hips i am a natural showman. i love to show off my natural's i WILL wise the fuck up. i WILL super charge my content for 2017. i WILL get blue check mark (genuflects as two golden lights come forth from behind me, taking the form of majestic angel wings) i would never hold a seleb at gun point meat loaf just ordered the venue to keep the lights on the audience so he can see if any trolls have infiltrated his show too much truth in such little time. feeling the heat cominh down to silence me. signing off... for now the famous time-tested classic, the philly cheesesteak, has become Sexualized by greed it is sio, so easy to Mindhack the government and get permission to dig holes in your yard mind of a lion... heart of a Pregnant woman pushing one of those home depot mobile staircases onto its side., getting that shit wedged between the aisles, because they dont sell Geodes sickening COP: found the culprits blog...another 1 of them Incels DETECTIVE: the only Cell he'll be In is a cold lunchbox next too mammas meatballs ME: there is a new type of beer called Wine shirtless guy witht 104 followers: Shut the fuck up ME: Yes sir the weak shall wither and die.(JACKS IN TO TREELOOT .COM CIRCA 1999 VIA THE INTERNET ARCHIVES AND CLICKS ON THE FUCKING TREE 100000 TIMES) vineger contains so much energy... thats why moms call it, Free Money damn. some one told me the first day of autumn was a solstice so i didnt jack off during it. now my sinuses are all fucked up due to T level yea i torched the dennys. and i woudlve gotten away with it, if i werent the only guy in town with a custom jersey that says My Wife on it when you do sutuff like. shoot my jaw clean off of my face with a sniper rifle, it mostly reflects poorly on your self whos been leaking my dm box . you give me dry ice & i dont know what to do with the shit. is this mother fucker really posting about dry ice yes. wet ice is good though these are the same steroids that cops use. and you can now order them online for the very first time the ass ratings are in... my ass needs to be given the old HEAVE-HO on the fast track otu of here and thats the facts jack. Boo to my ass using the toilet when i hear Our national anthem start to play. i do what i must. i stand tall in complete agony; as shit runs down my leg, LET US SPEAK NOT OF THE YOGI BEAR , WHOSE MANNEURISMS, GAIT, AND DEMEANOR , RESEMBLE THOSE OF THE DISREPUTABLE JEWEL MERCHANT BLOOD DANCER reseurch did they get it off line yet. did they take off the pic of tweetie bird with a humans ass holding up hte line at Aldi with a barricade of shopping carts, desparately trying to contact the ex-wife to ask if im allowed to eat Pectin me and the boys have decided that the least gay way of wiping your ass is to dump a quarter bottle of Palmolive Spring Sensations back there the way i see it, people who come on here and submit content that is not up to par, could possibly be considered the Villains of this site the entire contents of the kfc smokehouse angus chicken snacker slide out and fall directly into my shirt. IM FUCKED i yell out (spends all of 7 seconds skimming some blog posts) yep. just as i knew all along. having pnuamonia is good (takes off VR goggles after howling in fetal position for 3hrs while guys in varsity jackets slap the teeth out of my mouth) wow its so good who does this guy think he is. (insufferably) It's pronounced. Bloomin Onion. The \\g\\ is silent. angel-voiced 5\\2 man forbidden by mayor from performing at this years christmas pageant described as upsetting this tradition must end if your tweet doesnt grab my attention in the first 9 or 10 characters it can just fuck off ah... the perfect Souffle! cant wait to dig in to t(*EVERY PIPE IN MY HOUSE EXPLODES AT THE SAME TIME, COVERING ME IN SHIT AND BOILING WATER* never brought this up due to Trolls, but my son is set to graduate from ITT tech next semester after 8 years of hard work and im very proud. the fool tries to make one million dollars... but the wise man knows that its much easier to make $0.000001 dollars one trillion times bet yoyu think youd never find a mother fucker like me at a primarily Black church. but i like to go,... just to Smile... bask in the Energy... snorting a line of coke up my big ass boy oh boy do i love purchasing large amounnts of Fool's Gold. wait a minute. fools gold fucking sucks. this stuff is no good...!! Fuck ! (me dming) i am merely a vessel through which the posts flow. i accept no rewards... for i have no name, and no face. Do u like wearing bras, feel as thoguh our nation, our world, is closer than ever, to Christ, with KFC's recent announcement that they are to turn birds into wine., it may seem that cops are all fucking dumb, bad at IQ tests, etc, but they only pretend to be, to lull crooks into a false sense of security friday night gathering up together a big pile of things i like to respect (flags, crucifixes ,etc) and just roll around in it ,give kisses, looks like a whos Who\\ of my dreadful follower list all good boys keep a jar of sulfuric acid at their station to punish themselves for sending horny dms or goig offbrand... just a drop will do KFC is making BIRDS and LUNCH 10954 patrons $545060 a month (to guy who is filming video of me on his phone while i am siphoning fountain soda through a horrible device) fuck yoyu stop taking pictures im so sorry you had to go through that... i apologize on behalf of all guys who dump huge bags of turds and piss off of overpasses new mcdonalds-flavored burger king sandiwch given the coveted score of Eight by food experts frowning while the entire waitstaff of California pizza kitchen sings happy birthday to me, looking like a lump of shit in a neckbrace kelly bluebook is my gf i would simply much like to know where i can purchase a nice cloth to place my miniature guitars upon. please do not send me the frog pic. shutting computer down until the shitty moods & attitudes can fuck off., if you need me ill be on my other computer, sititng 60 to my right u got 1 side saying dogs have paws & the other side saying dogs have hooves...then me, the guy who cuts thru the BS, saying they have Niether Q: Would you describe your Brand as more Uday or Qusay hussein? A: Qusay, without a doubt. Qusay. hey your trays dont fit in the fuckin trash cans. i am a CFO in real life and an oversight like this would cost me my Nuts . when you're sitting on the toilet theres a tiny opening between the seat and your dick/nut area. this is known as The Daredevil's Spittoon ok which one of the trolls told some company in Singapore that im interested in bulk purchases of cheap laminate flooring. i demand answers. i maintain that curly is by far the most malignant stooge. without his toxic influence, moe & larry couldve ascended to unfathomable heights Fine. I'll shut the fuck up now. one of the things you realize when becoming a genius in many aspects of life is that the world wide web. and the computer, is the same thing jusut dropped 8000000 HKD on a usb-interfaced sniper rifle that blocks one of my insolent followers at random every time i pull the trigger please check out my devastating one-man takedown of the thanksgiving day parade, which was given a PG rating by the MPAA due to sarcasm . hello 911. the toilet seat ripped my loin cloth off again am i correct in assuming that everyone is happy about prisons not being private anymore because now we get to see the inmates dick and asses a man from botswana is threatening to ddos a picture of my ass if i do not post a list of my favorite pasta shapes by 6am. i will not relent 1st grade: Mastered. 2nd Grade: MAstered. 3rd Grade: Mastered. 4th Grade: Heres when they start trying to trick you 5th Grade:This ones hard does anyone else remember when the owner of forgot to switch to his personal acct before pictures of his turds to a doctor in 2017 i will make a concerted effort to become a ringling brother. this is the Essence 19:00 hours. im whereing a condom right now. temperature: 74F. air pressure:1012hPa. just had a phenomenal potato salad. Wind Direction: NE im afraid you do not grasp the enormity of who it is you are dealing with. (removes diaper,. revealing two sub-diapers ) Shall we continue... WAITER...ive made it quite clear U are not to speak to me until im ready to select the Spice Level of my braised quail dumplings...now BEGONNE #MillennialSoapOperas DUMB ASES hm? U want me to stop posting about the latest deals at Boscovs? well i wish bugs would stop biting my dick...but PAL IT AINT HAPPENEN\\ ! boys night (in really quiet, barely audible voice) hope your dick falls of bitch i will respect the wishes of th e mayor and the townsfolk by not fucking the pumpkin patch and ruining the harvest, only if i am given $100. a good commercial idea would be a cop who pulls a guy over ansd steals the out back steak house gift card from his wallet while checking id Thw common law wife is giving me Side Eye , for accidentally eating some of the poison they left out for the stray dogs in karachi it is really quite astonishing that I have yet to win The Lottery, given how good I am at selecting six numbers and saying them out loud sick of guys like jared and storm roof getting themselves beat up in prison just so they can snag a trending topic on twitter they are going to build a moscque on the wtc. #SelfieForSe thinking of life's i could have led in other worlds. ME: please show me the posts in the order that they were made COMPUTER: thats too hard. heres some tweets i think are good. Do you like this if theres a spicy brown mustard, why not a spicy brown ketchup? The wise man smiled. my friend, the condiment you seek is Barbecue Sauce becoming a cop so I can access the police computer and scrutinize the Walmart receipts of my rivals digimon Otis and warez_lad scrolling through the timeline, not comprehending a single thing, but smiling and nodding slightly when i see the word Favs or Retweet let's all be my wife #NationalGirlfriendDay please cherish your gal's... in honor of us, the single Boys who must sacrifice all companionship to #CarryTheBrand. the james bond 007 ez board will not let me change my user handle to WHITE_LIFTER, even though it contains no swears. i am in crisis mode YES.i have the healthiest Gum Line as verified by the Department of Records NO.i will not chew food for you NO.you may NOT kick my ass for every year that He is not featured in Forbes Magazine as the worlds richest man. GOD will sink one of our battle ships i do enjoy spending my weekends Joining the Army . oh how i hate when monday rolls around & i must say goodbye to all of my soldier friends incredibly handsome , charismatic famous boy credited with ending income inequality after saying that slumlords should be called dumblords ME: Are these Vine Ripe WAITER: Yes ME: Is this Farm Fresh WAITER: Yes ME: Are these MAde To Order WAITER: No ME: I will notify the police somebody please Bribe me I do oft in times flush my waste as soon as possible. I have no desire to look at it. I would rather be reading expensive novels to my wife. so long suckers! i rev up my motorcylce and create a huge cloud of smoke. when the cloud dissipates im lying completely dead on the pavement just as Christ washed the feet of his disciples , i proudly volunteer to allow my girl followers to use my shirt as a napkin,. horny doesnt exist everybody wants to be the guy to write the tweet that solves racism once and for all because it would look good as hell on a resume i cannot condone taking my previous tweet and using it to say that the ass wiping hack is me. i regret putting myself in such severe peril im the guy who talks about ass wiping hacks so often that i commonly use the abbreviation AWH and get mad when people ask what it stands for boycot (sending image of delicious meal i stole from a group dm to a girl) yeah i ate this Cowardice: A Tale In Four Parts Greetings. Today I would like to discuss Porky Pig - Incest Prank Goes Wrong - Why Thousands Of Geniuses Are Ditching Their Aquariums - Can Plants Make You Smarter? - Moms Can Get Tattoos Now my IQ has increased 10 points ever since i stopped tollerating people mucking about, on the time line how about we worry about human rights . after we've fixed all the human wrongs ? #AnHonestMansSay me N the boys eating messy sandiwches, sneaking around with big binoculars looking for girls & letting every one know who runs this TJ maxx what this site needs is the apollo theater Sand Man to push all the MORONS off stage. I will take this down if it is considered Racial I Am Not Afraid To Shut Off My $300 Asus Monitor From New Egg .com Off If The Intelligence Of This Site Reaches To The Level Of Stupitity. i would love to brutally kick the ass off of anyone who tries to be nice to me or be my friend on here ME: Im far more excited to see what the Cloud has to offer, than what the Clown has to offer. MY NEMESIS: How dare you tell the truth. we live in an exciting age because you can just go get downloads of anything. almost every day there is new downloads to get. - OwedSex96 i truly hate winning the infamous Darwin Award by getting bombarded with artillery fire in the Super K-Mart parking lot girls always love to telling people not to Mansplain but they do not care of, Man's Pain wailing at th e blooper reel, saying all the things hte actors are doing wrong out loud, punching the shit out of an usher, pop corn flying, ive beenn using Confidence and Self Esteem lately, to get unprecedented deals on discarded promotional displays at game stop ive hired 3 of my clumsiest dumb ass followers to spy on my wife and uncover her plots against me, just the worst bumbling fucking imbeciles (sees a cop shoot somone) This is just like james bond (sees a war happen) This is like robo cop (sees a burning house) This is like top gun my agent says if i get my balls neutered off ill be able to calm down & improve my posts. but i keep telling him, my posts wil never be good no more belly Vids some times, it would seem to me, that some of the people who use smart phones , are ANY THING BUT ! #OhButUGottaLaugh folks keep asking, me, what are Q-TIps for. if theyre not for ears. well the answer is simple. theyre for wiping certain areas of your dick, sick of bieng fucking shrieked at in DMs just because im one of the few left who thinks girls should not breastfeed while operating aircraft tak9ng your shirt off in the pool.shit move my name is Pruce now. tell every one you know that my name is now pruce (responding to a troll after increasing my intelligence to Max Level with a carefully optimized content stream) I suppose u think youre God, you threaten to go to the bathroom on me? i do not think you have the gall to go to the bathroom on me hopping on some tech support forums to accuse people with minor hardware issues of being Mad beginning to despise my friends and loved ones for pushing valuable branded content off of my feed as I struggle to comprehend this world people are still apparently very upset with me for cancelling the thursday nite rant feature. let it go folks... million dollar idea: Dog door that is big enough for humans Billion dollar idea: Dog door that says Hello when something passes through it Waiter! Oh Waiter! Yes, I`d like to know if I have earned any CashBack Reward`s with the purchase of my farm fresh miniature cucumber plate a booklet labeled Mra Shit falls out of my pocket during my daily buffallo wild wings j/o, sealing my fate and costing me the Yoplait deal helping the police by yanking the doors off all the public bathroom stalls trying to heal. please donate to my go fund me. $10 will make me less racist. $100 will make me extremely less racist.thank you. i will never honk if im horny . just thought off an idea i believe to be bad ass. lets find the address of the leader of isis, and mail him/ her pieces of our SHIT I insist that Moe is the 1st Stooge, Larry the 2nd Stooge, and Curly is the 3rd Stooge. Some will say the order isnt important. Theyre wrong wife sentenced to 4yrs for defrauding a charitable organization...U know what that means (pulls worst gaming consoles to exist out of closet) i stopped watching all the tv shows my followers think are bad, unfollowed all the Goof accounts, and yet twitter still sends thugs after me History will show that Brexit was the correct choice, for the future of Great Britain. I also do not believe in sex. - The_Brexit_Asexual i refuse to consume any product that has been created by, or is claimed to have been created by, the (Keebler Elves) indoor plumbing is a ludicrous fantasy going to start asking What do you Think? at the end of each post, to help stimulate discourse and reap the substantial benefits of Social. someitmes it seems to me that some people woulr rather join k, than join mensa... awfully bold of you to retweet my bad year tweet on a year that has been extremely good thus far Just got word that thheyre going to do jade helm 15 again, to punish us for letting the celebs run amok. It 's fucked up but we deserve it. going to start deleting posts, due to harassment. as in, i want more of it. hbring it on egg heads Rather tiresome that people wiould rather Threadshit my mentions than say, enjoy a whimsical boating tour through the fair canals of Venice. polease cut all art programs so we can instead focus on teaching our children the importance of being Respectful towards influencers amazing to me that people are still complaining about my genius sons being too loud, in 2016, of all years 1) i do not owe you mother fuckers a damn thing 2) i will not hear any more questions or comments unless they pertain to MetroPCS, or Pepsi. - Always retweet promoted tweets. - Always surreneder your username and password to Girls - Always Wait 1hr before replying a Verified Acct. Your I Love TD Bank Car Decal Fucking Sucks STOP THE POST STREAM. PULL THE PLUG ON IT. END THIS MADNESS. GET THESE DAMN POSTS OFF MY TIME LINR LOUSY!! WE DON't WANT EM!! i posted on here earlier about how ihad a leather belt wrapped around my nuts and not a single person asked if i was ok. Fuck you worst food of 2016 : Bread Where to begin. Bread is a piece of shit and its no wonder its commonly associated with the worst drink, Water . CONTEMPTUOUS NIGHTMARE: (blowing farts w/ mouth) ME: Sir! I demand your opinion regarding Organized Gender's influence on corn prices. SIR!! BLATHERING SHITE: the Dems VP Pick should be subway;s own Jared ME: That man is in jail. Have you done any research prior to this discussion in the planning stages, for a new feature of my account which i have tentatively titled The Three Posts. more info coming soon of this. -go about my day seeking energy in my life as a Bieng of intelligence -if your sperm count is complete dog shit, i will not even talk to you folks... reply to this message with your Finest tweet, and i just might drop it a Like. my way of Giving back to the community. Thank u Cant wait to catch all the exclusive trailers and live events at #GamerGate in Los Angeles this week. Looks to be the best gamer gate yet ouh yes!! THe boys have spoken, and they want more! More jokes about the ape! My one man show , entitled Not-So-Great Ape will explore th handing Faves over to my enemies is FRAUD !! base, contemptible FRAUD! to everyone who thinksn im some sort of dip shit regarding video of me eating a pocket pussy, please rest assured i hated every moment of it unloading an entire belt of ammo at me with a minigun or some such device will now get you Blocked t o the guy who told me they took the ape to the hospital and cured him, Fuck You. A MERE Musing From A Troubled Husband, Strengthened Through Time: Let the birds have their bird seed, and unto us boys, the Beer seed was a tad dismayed to find a Rat Brain in my favorite KFC Snacker Meal, ut the friendly cashier assured me it was merely Intestinal Matter the other day a trolling Shit sent me the message, Googoo Gaagaa . Twitter has indeed threatened to close my account if i dont retweet him For your Friday Enjoyment; A Shit List of folks I've banned from my Radio Shack: Monica Louinsky, The Honey Boo Boo, Octo Mom, & Snooki . I TELL YA IT NEVER FAILS !! WENT TO GET MY MAIL AND A HIPSTER HIT ME WITH THE STRONGEST STREAM OF URINE I EVER SAW ! KNOCKED ME ON MY DUFF ! examining the Ape Case: perhaps many are mirthful of its death as apes are akin to Golems & Vampires, cinematic villains of the classic era, INTERVIEWER: we looked you up. you dont even have a twitter account, which is good ME: Actually i was suspended for posting Gumby shit ass im the guy who gets really upset about people not putting their real names on here. im also mad at State Farm Insurance for not being a farm stunning: mindful adult , decked out in complete set of riot gear - takes out entire stampede of horses using wisdom and tactic's my entire face turns purple as i try to enjoy my cup of monday coffee while all my coworkers rush into my office to watch me fail once again oh u think this is funny mother fucker?(Kills ape) YOu consider this comedy? (kills naother ape) and my Missing Plane jokes are bad? Yeah ok back in the dog house after the wife caught me photo shopping her into vintage car ads kneading my dick and nuts like a wad of dough on a bench at pay less shoe store. i do not appear to be enjoying myself. im frowning actually i help every body, im not racist, i keep myself nice, and when i ask for a single re-tweet in return i am told to fuck off, fuck myself, etc ah boo hoo hoo i want to post Foul comments to content leaders Fat Chance, Dimwit. I will annihilate you under bulwark of the Law and God. Coward-Centric Platform twitter, removing user handles from character limit, giving the repliers more ammunition with which to shit on me, Downlioading 6 Terabytes Of Info On Deal's 1989: the fall of the berlin wall is celebrated, historically revered 2016: i tear down the sneeze guard at old country buffet and get Booed the girls on this site constantly beg me to show them a picture of the clothes i wear while posting. this is them. just doing some nude sunbathing in this gender neutral target restroom. i hope i dont get my dick sucked You need at least $100 to join Boys Lunch Club. I will count all of the money in your wallet, so do not try to join if you do not have $100. Just met w/ Boys Lunch Club. Seems to me, That we are very pissed off that teen girls would rather kiss, Soldier Boy, than Actual Soldiers online is where i go to get my A C's. Abused By Cretins checked my inbox for 2 seconds & immediately saw a genital. could not parse which type of genital it was before tossing my phone out the car Removing the battery from my phone until the time line becomes less toxic. can anyone tell me if this is good or not. if this sort of thing is frowned upon i will stop immediately presented with out comment . Q: If your post was proven by a counsil of wise men to be racist, or bullshit, would you bar it from the record? A: I do not delete my posts i do not delete my posts. deleting my posts would be akin to razing Abraham Lincolns famous log cabin, just because the trolls are mad at it theres no space in the title you shit mouthts. it's one word, it's always been one word, it will forever be Topgun. i will not delete this ive heard from a reliable source that people arre putting their lips on to my girl friends avatars and going muah muah muah. cut it out peppercorn ranch & buttermilk ranch. one of these is good, the other is completely Fucked, and its not my responsibility to tell you which i wont say more of this. but a couple of the big accounts on here have been souporting swearing culture, by posting swears to the time line. eating a single Dorito on a bed of Jasmine Rice my greatest sin is that I've utterly betrayed my NO FEAR tower decal by being embarrassingly frightened of birds and butter flies youre all a Dog of the Coward's order. ill take you across my knee and slap yopur Ass., i will GIVE UM HELL as ordred by the great general images leaked of WildArmsGarret , trusted consigliere of DigimonOtis, taking a bath in one of those old fashioned metal wash tubs (steps out onto the podium for the annual delivery of his Most Hated State of the Arbys address) the state of the Arby's. is strong. my being a shit head can be traced back to boys school, when i was expelled for using the headmaster's computer to search ebay for LUNCH will not be making any new posts until the 5G Network has been officially rolled out. 4g doesn't cut it anymore. fail to see the point . (sniffing a crumpled up one dollar bill i found on the floor of a dog kennel) ah... thats greenbacks baby ST PETER: on march 14 2024 you posted simply the words james earl bond . hope the 34 favs were worth it idiot ME: They were bitch spending my entire police shift downloading apps where you smear simulated dog shit all ovefr the screen and becoming completely a dumb ass id like a few words with this prick PRIEST: in the name of the father. ME: Yes. Good PRIEST: .the son... ME: Great. Go on. keep em comin PRIEST: ...and the Holy Spirit ME: No wife hall of Fame damn it to piss. my wife replaced all of my anti-wife reading materials with Pro-Wife bullshit i` ve long supported the classic One Tooth rule, which states that every time you make a bad post you should have one of your teeth pulled Every Time I read a new Tweet on my time line. My IQ increases by One Point. im just about to say that if you come in to the kfc support forum w/ a name like crisp_Kyle you can go right ahead & click that logout ta when MetalGearEric told his 36 followers i have A Poor Man's Micropenis and none of my so called allies stepped in to defend my honuor... LOVELY GIRL FOLLOWER: hey... i noticed you posted 3 barbed remarks about game stop in a row... is everything ok? ME: NO, everything is NOT ok, some times... the smartest people you know, are Geniuses tiodays FunQuote: Dont forget the WiFi #FunQuote i am developing a ground brekaing new app called MOneyWallet , where you earn Money Points by mailing cash to my house whose idea was to call it Ice cream parlor and not Scoop Kitchen ?? lets get this joke viral and show my ex-wife landlord whos boss weeping because of my heroic burden. spending my last dollae at dairy queen to support girl businesses. chowing down between the tears... please bring your rats to the new castle flea market so I may bless/heal them. ill be sitting in a lawn chair wearing a stolen priest outfit i am a classically tragic dumb ass hwo has the burger king logo imprinted in my brain like a baby bird to its mother despite everything, i am still looking forward to the release of the sequel, jungle 3 jungle, which was delayed to 2038 because of trolls. i did not say that the kid from jungle 2 jungle should be sent to Guantanamo bay, i just said it wouldn't be racist if he was if i catch you taking SELFIE at my used car dealership ( BEST deals in the tri-state area) i will shell you from the rear like a coward my work day consists of my bosses trying to goad me into my cubicle so that i'll just sit in there & jack off isntead of ruining the company the thing i accidentally posted earlier about putting my used condoms in the dishwasher was a virus. my subsequent meltdown was also a virus GEN X'er: Help im shitting on my pants ME: They have this invention called toilet now. Maybe if you hang up the cell phone yould know this people pay good money to stamp your mail. if you refuse to take the time to thoroughly digest every piece of mail you receive, you are a Cur Tjhis guy fucking sucks putting the vacuum on my dick until I stop hearing crumbs go down the tube when people ask me who my favorite comedian is... i invoke that wacked weatherman AL GURE and get one million dollars worth of retweets the $100000 pyramid is actually fairly fucking cheap for a pyramid we need less mayors and more sayers (of truth ) id like to muse upon a scenario i came up with just now. a DUMB ASS visits a restaurant, after reading a poor review of it in the newspaper dropping some more Asexual Nudes into the cloud, to show the girls and the trolls how clean my body is, from years of washing YES, my dick is shaped like an extremely small snail's shell NO, you may NOT suck it, had mny scholarship revoked because of my bumbling 15 tweet routine about how isis attacked the airport because they hate brussel sprouts All music made past the year 1969 is rap. (sseals self in rebuttal proof chamber for 100 years) Was Going To Send Ur ScreenPlay To Mr Scorcese Until I Found Out U Were Part Of The Failshit Brigade Who Mocked My Seashell Necklace In 2010 really hoping that someday my wife will surprise me by sending me a picture of my own dick ME: COMPUTER. SORT THE POSTS ON THIS SITE FROM LEAST TO MOST RACIST COMPUTER: YES MASTER ME: COMPUTER. PLEASE DO NOT CALL ME THAT fuck the grid gonna fill up on milk shakes and do some open carry off the grid (browsing the secret arbys menu that only boys can look at) ah., lets see, ill take one Spicy Onion Concerto with a dollop of SmartCorn first you have democrats and rtepublicans. theyre basically the same thing. then you have green party and uh, the whigs. theyre the same too helping the waitstaff by wiping the table down with the same disgusting napkin that I just used to sop up all the bullshit off my face user named beavis_sinatra has been terrorizing me since 2004, by sending me pictures of cups that are too close to the edge of the table Sovereign Citizens Getting Owned Compilation (poking head up from self suck) augh this tastes like dog shit (goes back for more) im a marine & accomplished scholar. my sons were alchemized into helicopter fuel to serve their armed brothers. how dare u post penis to me. my sources tell me that people are allowed to say the word ass on HBO. can anyone confirm this Quick Thinking: Area Man Saves Own Life By Making A Bra Out Of Two Diapers Leut me make this clear: gloves are Next-Gen mittens , mittens are trash, i will never wear a mitten, i will take down anyone whos mad at me guy walking around flaunting his mittens around. claiming that nothings better than mittens. i show him my gloves and he flips the fuck out im being evicted from my home for saying that kfc should sell hamburgers on a public log, and being a general Dumb Ass when it comes to IQ #truth #fact. it is proven that about 80% of people online are violent murderers. wow thats so many. be safe my beloved followers tarzan of the apes will never become a Turner Classic Movie. shoddy premise. people find pictures of a man yelling in the woods disgusting tarzan is garbage. he sucks more than anything. people need to stop encouraging his shit by making films of him. go home tarzan. fuck tarzan pleased to announce that i am pissed off due to Stress,. and the Block All Girls initiative is now officially underway. glorious crime spree after being fired from wal mart., expertly hopping fences, chugging all the seeds out of my neighbors bird feeders, Former U.S. first lady Nancy Reagan (R) joined by daughter Patti Davis at the premiere of the film Stuart Little 2 i tell you folks this damn itunes is something that you cant figure out unless you are a nasa guy FULLY PREPARED TO TAKE A HIT IN THE OLD FOLLOWER COUNT TO BECOME AN ALL CAPS, ALL BOND ACCOUNT. LIVE THE DREAM. PURGE THOSE BOZOS THEY SAY A NEW BOND ACTOR IS CHOSEN OUT OF RESPECT EVERY TIME THE REAL LIFE JAMES BOND DIES, AND HELL, FROM WHERE IM SITTING IT CHECKS OUT NETWORKING IN HOME MARKETS SUCCESS SEMINAR HOSTED BY JAMES BOND HIMSELF? OH YEAH. IM IN. BUT IM GOING TO NEED YOU TO DRIVE ME THERE AS J. BOND HOLDS IN HIS POSSESSION THE FAMOUS LISCSENSE TO KILL, I MYSELF HAVE LICSENSE TO TOUCH AS MANY GRAPES AS I PLEASE W/O BUYING ANY please read my longform treatise The Arrogance Of Burger King available only on my new $70/month content streaming platform ShitWire Pro\\ i couldnt help but notcie you besmirching my nephews Banksy Valhalla, Jordian Computer, Holstein Paypal, and last but not lease, paper mario the bitch of bluejeans -racist, -unsanitary condittions (animal near food) - fake holiday -ill eviscerate this pic further at a later time. stealing valor by purchasing fraudulent military gear from etsy,. parading my insane loadouts in front of our vets as they hurl abuse at me, cant wait to hurl them at my foes imagnie a world where us Common folk are given the blue checkmark and the CELEBs are left out to dry!! Hows that feel, HUh?! Answer me punks #SaySomethingGoodAboutTwitter you can easily remove it from your screen by clicking the x (me in prone position while having my house swatted again) officer if u could please just slip the rest of that campbells chunky in my mouth crapping fuck. 900 pictures of guns that you absolutely Must see it was always my idea to fill all the fire engnies with shit and piss to save water. the mayor stole it and planted a bomb in my car looking for some open comment sections in marine corps training vids to post racist shit on aangry bird's... a Corrupted brand. keep far away before i drop 20.99 on these bad boys...can anyone tell me if im at risk of being murdered by the nsa if i wear these Im online at the computer, ready to post pitures of my new sandwich, and ive got a hankering for my ass to get kicked if it werent for the sport of hockey, nobody would give a shit about pucks Q: Whats ur least favorite finger to be flipped off with A: the middle one. it pisses me off way more than the other fingers. drives me nuts get me on some ghostboster sites huaw yeah you gotta try this shit. just boil the macaroni in the same pot as the spaghetti . this is called the famous Double pasta attn Waiters: giving me one of the free pens from TD Bank ruins the experience of signing my check. it is a slap in the face. A death threat U Have Forced Me To Take Extreme Measures To Protect My Business And My Lifestyle. I Now Refuse To Open A Single Email Until April The 12th. while youre all bowing to the Pig Industrial Complex on false holiday #NationalPigDay,. i will be observing pictures of the noble bull moose #NationalPigDay no. this is crap . the pig will never have his day. i demand that the Pig surrenders this filthy assault on our calendars. vision's. sorry to all crooks, hucksters, cronies, and phonies. but in this, our year of 2016, police man is sitll king, and the jail, his Kingdom ! listen fuck wit. if you dont want me pissng all down the floor and the walls of your public restroom then make the urinals. bigger i propose a Bussiness offer of the boy who says Damn daniel ... i should like for him to grace the company of me & my wife, for twelve jewels sorry couldnt hear ya over $ rustling about in my wallet. money i saved by subverting toothbrushes. sucking the toothpaste tube like a cock, THRIEE SIMPLE RULES FOR SPEAKING TO ME OF MY AFFAIRS REGARDING MY INTERACTIONS WITH MY LAWYER's. STAND DOWN !! GET IN LINE !! FUCK OFF !! we all know the famous Five Second Rule . if you dont throw dropped food in the trash within five seconds it unleashes toxic spores ill never rinse my farm fresh vegetables. its the responsibility of the greengrocer to rinse my God damn food and if i get poisoned so be it stumbling through war torn syria with my pants down, begging everyone around me not to feed the trolls the first step to becoming a Millionaire is to acquire one hundred dollars people who like to say Ba ba ba ba at me &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; People who hand me their wallet a boss should be allowed to kick his employees asse's. key to his workers house so he can just come in and start wailing anytime #bottomword 20 treats = 1 snack 3 snacks = 1 meal 3 meals = Boys Daily Intake 180 Treats = Boys Daily Intake 1 Treat = 1 Goody 60 Goody's = 1 meal im going to get shit on a lot for posting this but i dont care this is the most vile thing to be put on tv paper is a liquid #TheThursdayMorningRamble someone please. ive bitten into a nasty apple and I don't know how to spit things out of my mouth. ivr never spit before and i need help givign my social security number to the valentines day app to find out which idiot wants to see my dick the most for all you twitter birds out there... a fun idea ive been throwin around: lets make the front page to WILD WEST theme...Huh! only on Friday barby dolls are worthless to me in 2020 police technology will allow criminals to choose between hot jail and cold jail good to have Options why even bother learning how to hack when i can just have my enemies accounts removed by accusing them of conspiring to piss on grumpy cat death if i saw someon e on the street wearing a dunce cap, i would challenge him to my famous Three Trials of wisdom, and soundly defeat him let me be very clear: i would rather attend a Pig's wedding than attempt to sift through the dumpster you people have made out of my dm box, ELLEN: But what you're most known for is your use of the infamous N-Word ENTICED AUDIENCE: Wo !! ME: ahh!! ya got me! IN OUR LIFETIMES. GOODBYE TO MOUTH WASH i hope you all enjoyed my latest Sets (posts) i will not let anyone touch my pitbuls unless they are wearing a collared shirt thhere is no such thing as charisma, and art is fake. the only metrics by which we must determine the worth of a man are Strength and Wisdom the pursuit of having trhe nicest opinions online. is the only thing that separates us from the god damn animals. the sole reason we exist Closing my account until all of the pro jet-dry kiddies go to bed. You people are animals. Hopeless brutes scenario: the duishwasher mouth starts up in some dumb ass baby voice. GIMME SUM JET DRY!! i unload my .480 ruger into it without Emotion, i just thoughgt about those commercials with the stupid fucking mouth in the dishwasher that begs for jet dry & ripped a door off its hinges id like to report a hacker. he offered me 1000000 to show my dick and didnt cough up the dough when i delivered the goods. i got hacked MYTH: my posts are for the Pauper REALITY: my posts are for the Prince the prophecy fulfilled I mdade $400000 just by typing the words Simpson and garfunkel back in 2011 and u have the gall to @ me w/ ur little 200 ass follower acct please dm my agent if you wish to Banter with me in the mentions, so he can send you the proper paperwork. im extremely tired of this shit. U cant even get a good Shoe Shine anymorethe guy just keeps trying to put his mouth on my dick. Is this a Thing now. Is this a Problem someone please get me in touch with the little boy who died & went to heaven. i want to astral project him into my ex-wifes castle for intel i enjoy a bit of Humour every now and then, but people seriously need to sotp tying me to a chair and injecting me with unknown substances (looking into a big toilet filled with shit , piss and toilet paper, shaking my head) this is fucking stupid. hardly worth my time shut the fuck up and kick my ass RAT CHECK. unfollow me ,if youre a sleazy low down RAT! i will knock your block off, I respect honor, Truth in words and action. an Oscar category for super bowl ads in the future?? perhaps in a less judge mental world, take ntoe Hollywood: these superbowl ads teach us we can create compelling visual content better than any movie, WITHOUT resort to Vulgarity fuckin Wade i wish they got, WiFi down here - guy who died in the paris catacombs -windows covered in trash bags -arbitrarily sorting the contents of my snack Pack -pumping racist apps into my nokia at Lightspeed -frowning sometimes it seems to me that it is a bit good to say that we could not do our posts without using none other than the humble computer chip. taking the lords name in vein. #inspire looks like im forced to address false rumors that i own 3 dildos on a shelf labelled breakfast lunch & dinner . this is an absurdity . ME: mr cruise...im also a celeb. i invented the phrase Barney sucks TOM: wow. that phrase is so good, i must use it at least once per day they say zika virus is the Bastard of 2016, but that distinction must go to my infamous folowers, who i consider to be Dumber than Dogshit donald trump is the best man for the job. and for that he has earned my vote. however, i believe he needs to Check his priviledge 1) wise the fuck up, 2) put the same amount of days in all the months 3)people need to put on the damn thinking caps 4) im boycotting months While your were busy all discussing the black celebrity's ass, i just constructed an authentic Christian abacus using fine tumbled stones got one of th ose steering wheels you control with your mouth so i can dual wield on the road. top secret technology for friends of police, girlsl. i shall virtuously employ the expansive breadth of my tech wisdom to protect you all from Daesh. even if you dont follow me. has any one ever noticed that the good spiderman movies are the ones for adults, and the bad spiderman movies are the ones for children THINKING ABOUT WHEN DID IN GOD WE TRUST BECOME WOULD YOU LIKE FRIES WITH THAT my favorite tv show characters are The good guys . My least favorite characters are The villains (Becomes upset by an unsolicited mention of Beetle Bailey on twitter feed, and punishes followers by refusing to post an update for 30mins.) i shant say more of it . ah... why is it that computers can send hateful commentary thorugh the modem. but weren't designed to send something nice... like a Song the big seat of my sweat pants sagging beneath the weight of globs of neosporin as i waddlle my fuckface ass off to the impound lot Fucking yes this . Friendlys has a meatball bar im the boss of Mensa. every time i close my eyes i have visions of going berserk and spitting on a human face until it is unrecognizasble i spend a lot of time reading the constatution of the united states of america while grinning ear to ear will try to become less of an Ape on the day of holy sabbath just read something fucked up. Not a single picture of stonehenge exists. first day i got online on a man named Mumbai_Eddie accused me of having diarrhea, so i detached my modem and put it in the sink for 8 years sick of seeing Snark on my feed regarding our nation's presidential candidates. i will be voting for all of them because they seem nice Looking to the day when the World Wide Web matures to become into the World Wise Web. im known to Trick or Treat from my neighbors mail boxes. they love it and it drives them wild. And it`s a bit of fun #ToTheGirls2016 im intelligent & clean boy. i have the trigger dicispline of a lion. ive used Torture to cure myself of all mental illness. Discussing Reality Intelligently Life U have to listen to this song Signs by the five man electrical band. the guy is just owning the fuck out of all these signs, it's insane more harmful to our web than any computer virus. sick thought's and selfish attitude. pass it on boys. which 46% of you mother fuckers arent buying soap my most famous tweet, entitled Jacking off at the Dog Kennel, has earned over ten billion engagements & was retweeted by stephen spielberg get one of those bill gates tubes that turns piss to water, load a big fat backpack with treats, cut the cord, pull the plug, fuck the grid, got about 50000 posts to catch up on here. thats so many... thank you my sweet boys martin luther king did not have a favorite type of lunchables. absolutely ridiculous and inappropriate. please delete heated debate rt if you think that Coors Light Cold Hard Facts is the Chevy Clubhouse of Dilfer's Dimes fuck it, ill just come out and say that i think Iceberg lettuce is just aobut the worst name you can come up w/ for a damn type of lettuce im not horny but, lets face the facts people. if youre a girl im gonna click on ya twiitter dot com baby. the inmates are running the damn asylum... AND IT THINK THAT IT IS GOOD.!! #StartupIndia entertaining twisted thoughts of putting bull shit on the back burner enjoying some fucked up thoughts of some boys enjoying the real counter culture shit. such as drinking coffee, and being glad it's friday FUCK OFF excuse me sir, i couldnt help but notice that youre in need of a thorough explanation of kegel exercise. ok, it's basically psychic jelqing, youll never shut me the fuck up , no matter how many times you unfollow me, you will never shut me the fuck upon here!! get lost Cyber scum! im a monk in real life, the matrix is real and hummingbirds and other really fast animals are proof positive that bullet time eixists i hold this truth , im just an average joe trying to do my messages here, and i dont have time for fellas who want to take a big crap on me. none of you are educated in anything, youre all pricks, your dms suck, yoyure terrible at trying to engage my brand like normal human beings horny has killed more people than all the volcanos on earth combined i will soon be leaking a list of the people who sent me really concerned DMs when i posted that jacking off too much makes your dick smaller if you say the words Room temperature to me ill flip my lid. room temp varies depending on the room. youre talking shit out of your mouth. MOST HATED FOODS., 50) PAPA JOHNS ORIGINAL FAMOUS CHEMTRAIL PANZEROTTI 49) THE DEMERITORIOUS DOLLAR NINETY NINE McDIAPER. MORE TO COME argh... (shakes fist) Damn you White people !! ha ha, but seriously though, most whites are actually highly intelligent, and resourceful, while you were watching the teen choice awards, i was watching the classic episodes of the teen choice awards from back when they were good. life is aobut too many chairs. you got the tv chair, dinner table chair, the dentists chair, electric chair. thats too many. Tone it down ah, aint it funny that folks these days are washing childrens mouths out with soap... when they should be washing their mouths out with Hope, up until I was about 17 i believed that bugs were baby rats respect me... respect my #Setup looking at my own dick in 3d Im going to shut the computer off until people learn to be more mature about life. In tge mean time, suck my dick pal the only meltdown im having is my ice cream melting down into my hand while I lay on the beach & laugh while thinking about the trolls i don't have time ot actually read you peoples posts, but ive been evaluating your engagement metric's and they look like Shit. Some crap is simply to be put into the dumpster . its no secret that i sometimes have to scold my hare brained followers rirght in their goofy fucking faces to keep them in line slin jim DOCTOR: you cant keep doing this to yourself. being The Last True Good Boy online will destroy you. you must stop posting with honor ME: No, COMPUTER... FED EX ME A PRINT OUT OF ALL MY GIRL FOLLOWERS SORTED BY THEIR DEVOTION TO CHRIST COMPUTER. GET ME THE BULE CHECK MARK A.S.A.P. the best part of winning the power ball lottery has got to be getting my hands on some of that Green stuff also known as money. i fear that if the 10k character limit is enacted my trolls will post ascii middle fingers that are elaborate & beautiful enough to kill me if you want to make someone on this website really mad, accuse them of poisoning the animals they care for #workseveryDamntime #TheMaster me and SnakeMom1956 are in love and we are laughing at all of th e people who think that our flintstones themed wedding is a sham shame on dailymail & nydailynews for posting my racist ball screenshot without giving credit accidentally brought my piss detector into the mens room again and cowered beneath a sink as the deafening screech echoed off the hard tile dont know why they deleted this youre fit for 2015 #yourFitOf2015 that smug prick baby new year th e piece of shit. ill throw him from my truck the dumb ass mother fucker Numerous hospitals no longer make a Baby New Year public due to concerns that the infant will become a target for criminals.[13] in another life. i would make U stay... sometimes its good to just wipe your ass, Bllesed turning my headlights off when driving at night,... so that my Rivals cannot see me anguished imbecile pukes up a surprisingly intact mcgriddle while planting an IED in front of best buy the mayor threatens to replace one letter of the english language with the Swastika for each week that his wooden leg is not returned to him FOOL: Beer is not the tdrink of summer. It can be enjoyed all year round ME: Beer is the drink of summer. i have spent the last 9 yrs writing countless papers on the subject of Followback Culture. The quality of my life has suffered immeasurably. i will die for my belief that Beer is The drink of summer mystical truth Teller just spent the last 10 minutes fishing a pubic hair out of the toilet to avoid any nasty phone calls from the boys at the sewage plant wife put me in the dog house agauin for failing to get the blue checkmark. and people ask me why im mgtow pua. im here to tell you that even with 8 kid,s, 6 dogs, debilitating rickets & a filthy waterlogged home, that its still possible to be a Gamer this website seems more & more like a place where elitist daddys boys can show off how \\CLEVER they are, instead of a source for bra advice mother teresa Aint No Saint, put the green arrows,there, click the heart too is mother teresa a saint No she aint when thw pope says mother teresa is a saint... i say she Ain't! i just want to find the optimal bra for sniper operations, but everoyne here is so rude, and pieces of shit some posting music for all of ya mother nature and father time arre not real. theyre fake people who were invented to explain trees and clocks to shitheads every now and then i like to treat myself to a bit of Lying under oath (in worst human voice possible) folks rmember to click that fuckin like & subscribe button and leave a comment below in the fuckin box there i hope to one day eat 10000 calories a day boy's Rules: 1) the only coffee flavored thing should be COFFEE !! 2) Shut Da Fuck Up And Keep Ya Head Down 3) Never consume Oils yoyu dont choose to be retweeted... it choose's you In culture, today, where they have cellphones, it seems, as, though, the most forgotton words in the English language are, I give a Damn. AYE. THE OJ SIMPSON VERDICT IS SOMEWHAT SHIT , INNIT! MustardCynic: this is not True Spicy Brown. this is Treason Brown #HipHopStarWars please. imn begging you. all girls on this hashtag please send HD pictures of your teeth& gums. please god just give me this another miserable day of Disappointing my followers piece of shit based on a bunch of educated assumptions i've made about weight gain, really obese guys must have like the hugest dicks on the planet I shoudl not be expected to put my knee on the ground to propose to a woman, the same ground where the animals shit, the worst thing you can do in death is make the R.I.P. on your grave actually stand for Racism Is Power boys im here to tellt you that a high-quality wall paper can make any room look fantastic on the cheap Setting aside the dumb ass things of life to focus on the truth of intelligense . dont worry ladies, im not one of those Bros who talks to girls about sex stuff. anyway, i have an entire bra stuffed in my mouth right now, leaving splinters stuck in your fingers is good. its all protien baby cghecking to see if i have the correct wattage on all of my Light bolbs... now thats a pizza pie #thatsaPizzaPie liberating to have gotten all the joke's out of my system sometime back in 2011 so I can now disseminate serious info to the dumb asses here i can no longer close my eyes. with out seeing a bounty of Farm Fresh groceries being licked by dirty dogs and animals i look very handmsome in my bow tie and suspenders, holding a big red balloon spend a lot of time thinking about how sometimes even war criminals can be heroes sometimes. Dont like it? Click the unfollow buttobn i find the private dm chats are an excellent place to Workshop my meltdowns & personal attacks against others, before making them public, pretending not to be mad while the guy in the next stall over takes a big shit while I try to Meditate judgementle people deserve to be put into a special kind of electric chair which sends then to hell even if theyre good . ive started bowing my head and saying grace before reading each post on here. thank you. thank you for the posts. that sort of thing, i wish my opinions were good enough to put on bumper stickers, but alas, i can only say syria is basically road rash 64 using my mouth shooting off automatic rifles making horrible diarrhea shit noises as the recoil makes my tiny dick flop around. hell yeah. thats cool to me i mailed my detached dick to bolivia to get it enlarged by a professor of Medicine. i am hoping it is returned to me without incident. beer city USA . my friend s its fucked up how there are like 1000 christmas songs but only 1 song aboutr the boys being back in town ive been sititng in buffalo wild wings for 3 hrs now, refusing to speak with the waiter because of his vile dry lips. i will win this battle soaking weekly circulars in my own blood and sending them back to Shop-Rite, to teach them a lesson about enticing my wife with bargains i am a chef now folks. im walking around town in my chefs hat like a real dumbass. everyone hopes i get hit by a car my followers will be thrilled to hear that i am wearing a very pleasant pair of jeans while reading a variety of articles, on subjects UNCLE: on sept 14 u posted my dick is not all its cracked up to be. Explain yourself please ME: its. a commentary on the economy actually, i have never condoned rumpus blesed to have over 200 mannequins propped up around my house in vulgar positions, and the accompanying Love my manny`s bumper sticker my uncles caught me searching can i still join isis if im racist on the family computer & are now withholding all holiday treats for 2015. how do i make it so people have to give me money if they want to reply to my posts becoming incrediblly Spiritual on the computer. holy fuck. yes. this guy is me enya on full blast... accessing 100 sites per minute if someone dressed in cclown makeup came up to me and asked to suck my dick, id naturally assume it's a troll, rooting through some damn womens purses. all of the things in these purses suck. i don't give a shit #mondaymotivation some dumb asses of life just need a damn BRAIN jacking off... (lights cigarette, takes a big smoke of it) ...i s a Zero Sum fallacy. a jesters game if i ge t one more comment about guns being a type of Glove- im spraying the fuse box with a hose until my computer turns off A gun is not clothes just because you can wear a holster with a gun inside of it. Jesus christ. Shut thhe fuck up about guns being clothes. U cant wear a sword. A sword is not clothes. Yes, A SHeathe, is clothes. The sword goes in the sheath, but that doesnt make it clothes bitch thw most valuable icon on any boys desktop. the famed My Computer icon. click that bastard and youre good to go all of you people have rat hands. i am going to be fucking sick finger nail check. everyone please post your fingernails right now for my inspection. i will block you if theyre filthy LIKE WANTING TO KNOW WHEN I GET TO SAVE BIG BUCKS FOR PENNYS ON THE DOLLAR AND GET RICH CHEAP ignorance. is a fallacy .my dear pals how do you clean a shirt ive never laughged at a piss joke. (sees how impressed everyone is, takes it one step further) in fact, ive never laughed before in my life. (saying loud enough so people can hear) the matrix is the james bond of steam punk Unfunny. (ssees a stock image of a frowning man sitting inside of a doghouse) Hurmph. Asinine. Rats Are Life Facebook this shi t sub way is a pedophile. you guys see about this shit ? sears deparftment store used to be the best place to meet up with the boys. nowadays theyll let just about any piece of shit inside to shop. torturing my damn dick with corn cob holders in Penance for the foul tone i took with the subway corporation today is really offering a 10% discount to all Muslims who apologize for the attacks. kind of messed up... wow... just watching the cnn channel here... amazed by how they know all the news so well... Extraordinary 2005 me: who the fuck is martin van buren 2015 me: ah yes. DonkeyKongEddie. arrested at gamestop on nov 13 2014, drives a grey honda accord, sucking on the same big piece of bread for hours and hours ,. i bet half the people posting Ah! on here dont even realize its an acronym for Acknowledged Heartily Yiou have to be really smart to get 250k followers on here. It doesnt just happen to you if you post false info about your ass for 7 years researching dynamic, groundbreaking new ways to wipe my ass two lives? this is fuckinh barbaric people used to jack off to this guy back in the 90s. not me though (rreads a series of Enlightened posts and becomes smart) AH. Hm, this is good. (reads a troll post and becomes a dumb ass) Damn Fuck ! spice up your life by throwing your favorite coffee mug into the garbage adding A Touch of Class to my home by wrapping all of my game's apparatuse's in tinsel i feel truly blessed ,knowing that everyone who has spoken ill of my brand is eating bugs in a cold prison cell. looking at some pictures of dracula, dozens upon dozens of the racist new starbuck cups,. filled with urine and placed all over my computer desk like candles on a satanic altar not many people know this, ut i actually coined the term Lunchtime . before then, time and lunch were two entirely immeasurable concepts, album (120 pics) ben stein kissing wife ME: ok now do a search of this. muppet babies theme - backwards, half speed ALFRED HITCHCOCK: Holy Fuck !! the joke's hall of fame thats it. thats enough. im shutting the computer down ,before i become too powerful ive eaten more $14 hamburgers than youve eaten regular hambufrgers, you low engagement galoot dual wielding toilet paper stressed out due to pistachio shit all over my shirt and computer desk . all posts canceled fellas...tell your girls you will n ot be providing any more sex until the entire female race apologizes for halo 5's dismal metacritic score ennjoying a big bowl of condoms. twirling them around my fork like spaghetti yeah like im just going to put bottles of my own damn urine up on the mantel. you fucking idiot. this is celeb urine huh... it;s been awhile since i made an actual joke on here. lets see now. boats are basically uh, skeletons, that people use to, trick water ME: Basiclaly its just a joke we do where whoever says hes El Chapo the most wins COP: Thats not what a joke is ME: Well its good either way some people sing the praises of the one hundred dollar bill. i myself, prefer the humble, time-tested and reliable one dollar bill hyj llooking extremely normal today if this shit costs me the Fanta deal i will: 1) become eeven more racist 2) cancel all Thursday Nite Rants 3) add a switchblade to my avatar these people with locked accounts.damn! you just know theyre hiding all the good posts in there the times they are indeed a changin...but the one time thatll never change is Lunch time. lock them engagements in if you think this is good. OPRAH: Take us back to the time you invented the famous Livestrong Bracelet. ME: well...i was at boston market, just looking at my wrist, and boys i need a full report on your Scalp Health by uhh 8pm or else ill go ape shit in the dms, i go outside for the rfirst time in 7 years and a biplane immediately shoots a chemtrail at my dick and makes it 2 inches shorter. typical ah, So u persecute Jared Fogle just because he has different beliefs? Do Tell. (girls get mad at me) Sorry. Im sorry. Im trying to remove it id say my most defining quality is that i instinctively write tremendous amounts of think pieces whenever i see a naked person 4am walgreens haul. re tweet this after the Girls wake up inspirational. 86 year old man circumcised by doctors in Zaire. It's never too late Blessed. i shall not be attending boys night, as i have injured myself while attempting to butterfly an auntie annes pretzel stick . TROLL: Shut down windows ME: Ah, no this is the final scheule. do not contact me of this. looking forward to my 19,000 dollars for m y money, the best Soda you can get today is at the restaurant we've all come to known as Micky D's aka mc donalds. the crusaders fire ballistas into my throbbing diaper- unlesashing a torrent of mustard yellow shit and poisoning the entire village show us the Boys so many Weird Twitter accts asking me to suck their dick in the dms. im njust like, yeah right bub. you havent even retweeted me since 2013. eat bird shit got a One Million Dollar idea here. the dewey decimal sytsem. its good right? now imagine using it at Wegmans to find your favorite snacks scores of Farm Fresh, artisan treats available for my perusal... Oh Me Oh My U want more insight into THe Process, u say? Look no further. months ago i dreamt about people making their ass cracks longer with surgery. i woke up & immediately put Crack length in my drafts folder AAUh...!! Yeah. Lets all gang up on the guy who gives his children Steroids, just because he has a different opinion. Fucking idiots. Valor is the honor of distinction . the words engraved on the side of my gun, that i force the gamestop employes to repeat out loud to me i will tell you about the two types of diaper. there's the Functional diaper, worn inside the pants. and the Aesthetic diaper, worn outside. bad ass #BenghaziCommittee my dick is normal sized. every morning i use a q-tip dipped in windex to clear scuff marks off of it. i have no illnesses a fuckin... rat eating a slice of pizza?? damn,. the guy who filmed this must have gbeen smoking weed. fuh...just unfollowed about 900 people on here. Feel as thogugh ive matured a lot in my time on this site & expect a higher grade of content. come. I SHall lead the charge against corrupt Game developers, (Falls face forward ansd a variety of ass medicines spill out of my clothing) HMm, it seems after years of reading my posts, everoyne is still miserable & dumber than shit. Maybe i should post like 100 more times a day cash for Clunkers... fuck yes to this. im the guy who ruined Columbus Day by saying he had slaves, and im ruining Back to the Future Day too by saying the film is rife with incest concerning Online , ive found there are websites that are often considered the Good websites, and others generally understood to be Bad r big meeting with chinese investors coming up in 5 minutes. need to look sharp and presentable. im running my dick under the faucet in want of a glass of cold one . wondering why more people aarent faving this screenshot i found of professor Stephen Hawking saying ape piss . If its fake please tell me what if DONALD TRUMP was the ceo of NetFlix? I think itd go a little something like this.! (gestures racistly) What a world What a world i love my beavis. And yours dont make me jump over that fuckinh counter and teach your low wage chefs the difference between Extra and Double meat ball arbys refuses to honor special bulletin offering a free Roastbeef Snack to all divorced men. lots of upset divorced men at this arbys,... i was so wound up over trolls this morning i forgot to wipe my ass. i pulled my pants up and the shit coalesced into a wad on my lower back. the torture of being a Top Influencer on the hateful, chaotic earth. coming up with some new racism slogans. Racism: Never knew it could be this good Racism: Gotta geddit Racism: Now that's what's nice I Hope So forced to remove my famous DANGER: MAY CONTAIN LETHAL LEVELS OF SARCASM !! sign from the front door of the poolside shed that i live in , Fuck you !! FURTHER MORe, any future tweet i make may now randomly be designated as a Hell Tweet , meaning if you reply to it , you will be blocked, 37 souls who will never again be allowed to engage with my red hot brand, bnecause they posted during hell hour and spat in the face of god the hell hour has ended. all 37 repliers to the official hell hour tweet have been blocked indiscriminately. they took the gamble and lost instituting a new feature on my feed called The Hell Hour . the hell hour begins now the only hthing i hate more than crashing my ford truck is justin biebers dick. which was recently shown to me in pictures I dont appreciate bieng called The Waterbed Bitch just because I own a waterbed and post pictures of it daily ready to accept nine hundred dollars into my life taking sips from a big fat thermos with the isis flag on it. thinking about inventing an app that tells me when lunch time is at the advice of my doctor, ive decided to piss, but only in small amounts out of respect for the #NoPiss challenge. i will limit my piss. going strong into hour 8 of #NoPiss. feeling unprecedented spiritual growth. unfollow me if youre upset because this isnt Funny or good . Approaching hour 5 of the #NoPiss challenge. This is very fucking serious and real. Bafflingly, no one has requested to interview me yet seems like to me that in this foul economy the only thing On the Up and Up is the damn gas prices, thath we all gotta break the bank for . ive completed the first hour of my 2 day #NoPiss challenge. i am searching for media outlets who would like to document my struggle im still allowed to jack off. jacking off does not count as pissing. please let me have this ive decided to abstain from urination for two days, to punish myself for letting my kolut score dip below 70 again (in the lets get ready to rumble man's voice) llets get ready to post some good shit (ddumb ass, squinting at the tv, struggling to comprehend The Flintstones ) why are they wearing those outfits A fucking bastard lives here i warnned you all that bad things would happen if you kept letting your wives wear jeans. AND NOW LOOK! the damn gas prices are up again RE: Restaurant Etiquette I've been a waiter for 9 years, and I like it when people snap their fingers at me. So your commant is invalid. (smoking cig on stage) Ya know, like i always say, these fuckers dont know a damn thing of common sense. COupons are like free money. Use em these guys tried to run a hospital in AFGHANISTAN?? hello?? i dont know if you noticed, but theres a war there? U gotta use your heads folks oh, youvve read a few academic papers on the matter? cute. i have read over 100000 posts. (intentionally spoken within earshot of severral arbys girls) ah fuck. my hands smell like steroids from using steroids all day dead certainly., if my pit bulls could speak. they would say please, please increase my power i sincerely hope all of you remembered to powder your keyboards and mice to prevent Hand damage during your normal 16 hr browsing sessions if u think its fucked up that men & women are allowed to eat the same kinds of food, type the word yes into your browser bar & click on it Antonio Vivaldi six violin concertos, strings & continuo in A major Burger King Theme Op. 2 N11 published in Venice by Bortoli - 1708 i dont see follower counts. i see a beautiful Tapestry of the content of souls. i will murder you if you think this post is good or bad. hwow many favs are worth the equivalent of a human life. id say about 70 log me in to the on-line city where the links are blue and the girls Dm Me... This woman is an FBI agent sent to jingle her keys through the library to intimidate me about jail. The entire King Soopers store at 80th & Wadsworth is staffed with Federal Agents not authorized by any judge, FOOL: Foot & mouth disease isnt necessarily good ME: Ive had it with this shit. Im showing this to your employer FOOL: Dont. I have a family i think when we get caught up in our gadgets and email, we forget to sit down and appreciate that time-tested classic doritos please show me pins i can wear that will make me look very handsome in churdh my romantic girl friend sees the super blood moon reflected in my greased back hair and pledges then and there to bow to christ our master pissed off because people are watching their precious football instead of asking me why im pissed off Duur!! Thanks for clown baiting me. Idiot ME: (pulls soaked pair of jnco jeans out of sons aquarium) Ah wahts this. You cant continue to live here if you do this SON: Im a smoker now looking how to become more cyber I find my self. walking the hallowed halls of Harverd university , thinking wisely to my self. upon the quest, for Knowledge. (truyng to stumble across the next big two-word phrase that gets really popular for no reason) udhhu... bird hell owl. big hell. owl hell Waiiter, i have not received my Farm Fresh olives, and my steak is far too Unctuous. Please tell the chef to go back to 9 gag. SCreaming while the road workers slowly pave a road on top of me using my own tax dollar i have never in my life- shit my pants or had an erection. it is ludicrous to claim other wise in the midst of jade helm 15 and high gas prices. a good boy looks to the stars and asks where have all the angels Gone .. droitos should make hamburgers NEWSWEEK: WHat can be said. youre a spectacular brand. like hitler without the racism ME: I am exactly indeed like hitler without the racism Thheres just not enough moisture in food now a days. Run that shit under the faucet someone on here asked me my opinion of Worcestershire sauce. but i dont feel ready to share that at this time. Ready to enjoy my Farm Fresh Mozzarella Sticks from Bertuccis, retweet my favorite celebs, and post some worms-eye pics of my Genitals & Ass folks the only thing higher than Cheetch & Chongis gas prices (audience goes wild, hooting,screaming; starting Great Gas Price Riot of 15) as a real life professional Chef , i refuse to buy any packaged food that isn't marked with the words Limited Edition apparently pharmacies think theyre grocery shops now. selling food product instead of focusing on exceptional pill service. Get real, punk ! i know i will catch endless flak for this. but I am of the belief, that the tried and true Suit and Tie, is a Classic I TAKE BACK EVERY KIND THING I've SAID ABOUT THE GIRLS ON HERE ! SHALLOW AND CRUEL ! HEART LESS DEVILS ! MANIPULATING MY POSTS & TRICKING ME FOOL: Love to get a bee in my bonnet ME: theres no possible way you could love that. take this down immediately FOOL: Ah, foiled again im the guy who originally cooked up the garden of eatin joke. thats my bit. im just saying it out in the open here & now. trolls be damned just noticed the new washcloths ive been showering with have the FoodNetwork logo. this is my biggest failure to date to me, the white and yellow lines that get painted to the roads are mostly a nuisance. i say let's #TakeEmOff announcin,g in 2016 my new brand alliance with cool arab man Jack Ass: Arguably, in many ways, a Two-fer could conceivably be worse than a One-fer ME: I'd will not even dignify that with a response 2 celeb headlines i came up with, in case one of them does something: Hasta Travolta, Baby Bieber does it again. Ah, but thats hollywood i cried during the schene where richie rich revealed the mcdonalds in his house. if you dont like it, move on CHEF: mon signor!! leaving the tails on the shrimp is good! it is tre bien ME: Im going to nuke you with live ammo. Im the guy from the crow i pay good money to load my sons bag with treats, and if Erasmus Infowars Copfucker wants to devour them in the university library, so be it half wit bumpkin here, looking for new snacks startling how im the only person on this site with an actual human soul. you would think the other guys on here have one, but no ME: was thinkin about how I could incorporate the phrase obama breeze into my next post. Thoughts? TOM CRUISE: its solid gold baby. Killer funny how ppeople get faved for posting Humour , but when i post about how deeply in love i am with the girls here i get the old Brush off ME: ill take... one Cruisp bird w/ extra bird sauce please KFC CLERK: Huh? ME: (gives him the Wink of Irony) KFC CLERK: Ah! The Wink of Irony imbecile goes viral after telling tgifridays waiter that his caesar dressing is too spicy Shut the fuck up? Now ? Whil;e im smack in the middle of perhaps my most ruthless tear against Netflix Culture? Muwahaha. Never mE: i'll take eggland's WORST, please grocery clerk (min wage): Good joke sir i shall say this only; ive ended peoples careers by reporting them for Ironic typos & spelling errors., i do not give a shit. im a warrior i fuucking love being sent to Juvie Hall Houly fuck... They did it. They replaced all the HF corn syrup w/ pure cane sugar. My minds absolutly blown by this shitty drink for children theres never been a horny me, and never shall i horny be, And If this sacred vow shall break, I pray the lord my posts to take fingers ranked by how good it is to show them to people: 1. thumb 2. pinky 3. ring 4. index 5. middle steal this listicle,u corrupted fucks extremmely turned on by Fav Denial , heavily worked up by women declining to fav my posts please let me cover my entire webpage in jungle camo so soldiers can research vital murder info on the battlefield without being spotted Announcing new feature called #Rubadubdub where my followers are encourgaged to post pics of themself inside the bathtub. Ban me i dont care LIAR: Free data plan. is absolutely not good. It's something I don't think we should want ME: Im not to touch this one with a 10 foot pole STREET TOUGH: HEY. VERIFIED ACCTS ARENT FAVING U ANYMORE. WHATS THE DEAL ME:(pretending not to hear, fumbling w/ keys to open my shitty car) Nuffs aid. Need I say more? Nuff said. Need I say more? Nuff said. Need i say more? Nuff said. Need I say more? Nuff said. Need I say fav if you think adults should have access to toilet time retweet to see the face of G-OD ignore and get th e word Liar branded into flesh 15 years ago the most shocking thing online was a picture of a man spreading his ass cheeks open. today, it's my opinions about Wet shaving Im going to make 1000 videos of fuck nasa. i rise; spreading my arms, exuding fluorescent spheres of energy, each representing an Unfollower, Cuasing me a great deal of pain,Screaming (vomits while dioing pushups at the gym and resists every attempt from professional trainers to stop me from continuing) the inventor of the famous Love to Scrimp, Hate to Save tweet. FINALLy taking pop culture to task. You gotta see it to believe it Love To Scrimp, Hate To Save #TheFinalWordOfIt if you want the real bargains during boys night out. gotta go with the Children's menu. every time Im sorry? Are u Going in on me?? Am I being Gone In upon just for p osting my time-tested opinions about girls holding forks incorrectly i believe that jade healm 15, and the markets going haywire, youve got a Witch's Brew of bull shit The three brnaches of government? Simple. Breakfast, Lunch, and DInner. Because the government loves eating us alive with the old Tax & Spen each \\Ridge\\ in your crinkle-cut potato chip costs 4 gallons of precious slave blood to create and adds a satisfying Cruntch to every bite im a bush-league yokel who should be put on the floor bramds the most popular of my weekly features is returning in 2016. thats roight folks. #WaterboyWednesday no further info at this time. Once again, those dastardly, Devious trolls have installed a device underneath my computer desk that shoots me in the dick every time i post Ah!! Ah! once again, the flap-jawed trolls have deliberately misinterpreted my constant attempts to get a girl friend on here as Sexual released statement regarding Grumpy Cat urinary tract infection: Grumpy Cat is in a lot of pain, but still wants to entertain you at shows front of my shirt: YES: MY PATIO IS HAND-WASHED back of my shirt: a convenient bullseye so people can shoot me if they want to bush was the president who likes oil. correct? so what i think is that its actually Castor oil , because he leaves a bad taste in my mout!! feeling devilishly Racist today. might apply just a smidgen of Blackface before i go out chasing cars am I the most dark & twisted psycho god online?? hm lets see: - When the dow jones industrial average goes down i say simply the word Good windows...on behalf of all boys online, INCLUDING the trolls, id like to extend a well-deserve Thank You for putting updates in my computer i have every net flick UNITED NATIONS: ah!! please help us! we need just a normal man's opinion!! we got you a seat ME: How'm I to trust you, while God is bleeding hm... the essentials. well what can i say. you gotta have em baby tormenting lab animals with my huge vibrating ass If you do this: Fuck you i hear in some cultures they crap in their hand first before putting it in the toilet. thats fucked up to me. just shit it directly in there survey - please tell me which one is Most good : Perfect meadows in every direction A Man wheezing into the toilet Bobs BigBoy PattyMelt Priest: and the lord said, take this delicious McDonald and eat it, for it is my body and it will be given up, for you Me: Insanley badass. LawAndOrderGal has entered JeansChat LEVIS_GAURDIAN: NEED A FUCKING DRAINAGE RIG THAT WONT SCALD MY THIGHS LawAndOrderGal has left JeansChat (pitching the Michelin Man) hes this big white dipshit and people associate him with tires for some reason. he has no personality. no jokes the maligned Villains of my story., my ass and dick, are known to drive my readers the most wild and turbochagrge engagements & impressions founnd a cicada skin stuck to my nefarious pud i can only hope that when a kangaroo court of dipshits comes to haul me to prison that i have the grace and humility not to get mad at them the infamous millennials are more interested in (consults notepad) being nickeled and dimed by the tax man than (squints) distilling vinegar i know im a dumb ass for expecting a serious response from the chucklefuck brigade, but can someone please tell me if im circumcised or not im sorry to Wawa for attempting to behead myself in one of their restrooms. i promise to take the Wawa experience more seriously from now on SUCJK MY DICK don't tread of me , the famous words of that good snake who doesn't want to get stepped on, the noble slithering bastard I relate to most alrigt jack asses. before you Go In on me, heres a quick recap of the jokes i invented: - Dogs (Anything mentioning them) - The Weed Fairy mods!! mods! one of those obscene low follower count boys stole a lick from the delicious lolly that Father bought me!! ah! how dreadful ! now you see, what i like to do is consider my page to be a No Frown Zone , because of the consistently good quality of my messages i put up #TenThingsNotToSayToAWriter im going to piss all over your car. for being a Writer. its disgusting to create the illusion on tv that animals are talking with cgi or otherwise. a disgraceful tactic suigh. this weeks Bone Head award goes, once again, to my ex-wife, who just bought a stupid ass looking refrigerator what is the best kind of acid to spray my own dick with as a joke Does anyone know how important is this. thank you all. your kind donations of $400000 will keep me alive for 1 more month, after being fired for looking at racist swords on my ipad evvery other Friday the sheriff guides me around the jailhouse and lets me expose myself to the villains, and thats #MyTGIF Bugs Bunny: Elmer Fudd: A- Tweety Bird: F Daffy Duck: C+ Porky Pig: D+ Theyre the only ones i can think of right now. My hands are shaking sponsors are telling me not to post them. but idont give a fuck. im sick of being pushed around. this is my account & thats the bottom word im assigning a letter grade to all the looney tunes at 10:00PM EST sharp. this is a once in a lifetime event. please do not miss it my repulsive cohorts and I are searching the woods for tree sap so we can rub it all over our hands and improve our golf grip Crowdpleasers . Now these, I like just indignantly threw $799 gamer keyboard into koi pond because i got pissed off by the craze that is sweeping the nation known as Planking the adrenaline rush i get from posting gives me the energy to walk to the toilet, and the endorphins i get from shitting allow me to post w*akes up on the morning of july 18th 2015 sick and tired of Snooki and HoneyBooBoo* Wheres my damn nuke bomb. archaeologists 1000yrs from now are going to find my embalmed turds and assume they were part of some sacred ritual. NOpe im just a dumb ass trolls: Lets jerk off to the teletubbies and. barney me (to followers): Are u seeing this. Are you seeing thi s. Am i the only sane man left does anyone have any tips and tricks for someone about to own a Balcony. Can i take beer on it i have taken my shirt off over 10000 times on one hand $2000 will barely even cover the cost of my large amount of mansions. on the other hand i respect the wild flava brand immensely sell my account to Wild Flava ( for $2000? this is perhaps the most difficult decision i;ll ever face . wow this 40lb bag of dog food is only $30. why do dogs get all the bargains my q uote of the season Its almost summer time so lets hop in the pool scarce, low quality content and an abundance of wrong opinions is the reason the cavemen went extinct. thats my beliefs bitch honey mustard likers. heres a one million dollar idea for you honey ketchup (sees no soliciting sign outside Wendy's) damn it! fuck! i really wanted to solicit to wendys!! just remember what it is we're all fighting fo.r. When you FAve me, you are effectively throwing a Treat into my mouth CLICK ON MY POST 10000 TIMES IF YOU ARE WORKED UP OVER COMPUTERS i show up at the range wearing a t-shirt that says I Wont Wear The Earplugs and i m promptly directed back to my car by staff members *ffires 400 rounds at a piece of shit log until it slumps over* Take that adam landza ME: hey ed. whats good to shoot at the range today ED: Someone threw a big bag of packing peanuts out there. Its good to hit it with bullets always take my stagecoach full of pit bulls to the Range . because my girls love to watch me shoot iwant to be pummeled with carpet beaters by eastern european grandmas and make big awful clouds of dust THis is not a Meltdown . Its a normal opinion THe Eagles is a team of football who i respect & admire. Their commitment to touchdowns is good. They are athletic when it comes to sports my page is a tornado of Slur's. my inbox is a viper pit of horseplay. my desktop is a Clown's Tent for bastards. every woman ivr ever spoken to would describe our correspondence as Graceful my followeres, who all hate me, and wish to kick my ass, are nobodys, and they lack the combat training to injure me, because theyre infants (bowed head solemnly rises from deep thought) Intellidgence is the strength of wisdom why'd there suffering in this world.. please everyone search for shit like autism microchip on youtube and look at all the thumbnails on their videos if you like the band Shinedown you will love this video of me getting trounced by police officers while demanding to meet them #FreeSlurpeeDay they dont ever wash the slurpe machines. the cops found a shitty waynes world baseball cap inside one of them Frowning Principal Exposed To Beer Content On Time Line im the dip shit top replier who goes into every thread about someone being afraid of moving out and says Dont forget to buy a plundger never knew that anything was good or bad until i got on the computer, i had always assumed that everything was Average until i got yelled at the Ins & Outs of my ass; Regarded As Low Quality by famous Dr. House, in banned episode unfit for public consumption, Bullshit Bullshit. i will not close my account until the sport of golf is rightfully named golfball like the other ball sports there is no such thing as a baby animal. they are all adults from birth. sorry if my opinion offends you THinking of a Boy's Day of twitter...won't post specifics due to trolls, but basically all girls will nicely be asked to log out for 24hrs, im a reasonable mans son who thinks that putting a dash of venom into my favorite roast pork hoagie will make it Spicy instead of killing me well it goes to show you that the trolls will gladly stoop so low as to shit upon the #classiccombo of spaghetti& meatballs we all hold dear spaghetti and meatballs. now theres a #ClassicCombo every room in every home must have a Host i love to hover hand my gf in pictures. (gets Owned across various media) sorry. Sorry everyone. I forgot that was bad its me again, from the website. admit that the berenstain bears are for adults or i will strategically headbutt your father to death the No Bullshit award goes to this guy for being bossed around by gas station employees & giving them a poor review Waiter, by the advice of the Chicago Tribune Id like a Dash of Ground Cumin on my Farm Fresh Egg. Oh! Too much! I withdraw this transaction, i think my goal in life is to start a football team named The Baseball Preferrers and our gimmick is to get as many penalties as possible (passes a man in a hardhat toiling over a roadside utility cabinet in 100 degree weather in my black convertible) Nice Fedora Dip Shit i absolutely deserve tax credit for offering my respectable toilet to government employees whenever i can It'd be an honor for you to use my toilet Mr. Mailman. I must make clear i dont intend to film you or collect your waste. My toilet is clean i offer my toilet to the mail man everyday. my toilets not good enough for the big important mailman apparently. mailman is a bad job anyway Durr michelob ulta would taste the same if it had a turd in it -Suppressive Persons with little on their mind but mischief and mayhem commercial idea for Michelob Ultraa bumbling imbecile ransacks his apartment to find the guy who took a dump in his glass of michelob ultra Have you ever wanted to click X on a bastard #NewFastFoods Fast bread you pick up some political cartoon paper & see a shitty grave drawing captioned with Burt Be-Gone and its intended to be respectful & nice soirry. i didnt know retweeting fuck lobsterfest would make me lose 200 followers. ive learned my lesson so feel free to follow me again phaw!! 2am!... time to go hit the hay (jacks off and comes back ot the computer) the boys are enjoying their fave jukebox when ths sarge steps in SARGE: TURN OFF THE DAMN JUKE BOX! ITS WAR ME: Fuck u sarge. The armys crap if you don't know how to use a Lathe you deserve to eat dog shit just deleted 23,000 tweets at the request of Sbarro. feeling Purified if you odn't subscribe to every last one of my vague, yet cocksure beliefs regarding the Portuguese , i will never make eye contact with you rodent website if youre one of the guys who blocked me on here, i Forgive you, and im ready for you to unblock me now. people get mad at me when i riff on Current Events so ill just say this. im enjoying cooking turds on the grill regardless of what day it is im startingmy own version of bill maher's new rules called Good rules . It's going to fucking suck im going to keep doing this until my daughter calls me long horn steakhouse should not refuse to honor my coupons just because theyre wet unban me from college Litter Box Fucker AUDIENCE: (LAughing already) WORKING CLASS JOE: Im going to fuck the litter box now. AUDIENCE: AWuo! Hoo hoo! DVD: FBI WARNING Me: oh boy here we go DVD: The board advises you to have lots of fun watching this Hollywood movie Me: Ah... It's a nice one yes sir. im sorry sir. (hangs up) that was the mayor of reddit. he wants this account spick and span of dick jokes before the handover Geting my dick sucked in Unreal Engine 4. Flushing toilet in Unreal Engine 4. Having shit beat out of me by greasers in Unreal Engine 4. Wow The jokes, Ladies and gentlemn. The jokes entire bullshit of gas prices deconstructed by large boy who is partial towards treating him self i challenge anyone who would bring shit to me to a one on one hockey match. goalie vs goalie in the frozen arena. three pucks click that fave button if i did good. listen here blues traveler. pretty much all musicians travel you dumb ass. you should name your band blues redundant guy pleae check this out: Hostler Magazine Nobody Checks My Son For Head Lice With Out Getting Past My Police Issue Hollow Point Smith & Wesson Which Gives Everyone It Shoots Leukemia If U like a good song I wont steer ya wrong Cocaine Its Got guitar and drums So please listen to some Cocaine and folks... we cant forget aobut Tennis Shoes (Audience boos.) Are you Tennis, or are you shoes? Who'dya'thinkya're ? (Applause) just meeting up with one of my real life friends; pictured here. ive trademarked the term The guy who fucks up so if you see someone else using it pleaase stick my Fair Use brochures to their car The dog days of summer,. Its the dog days of summer everyone (Flapping gums aboutn othing, doesnt know what dog day is, knows he fucked up) replying to massive amounts of flagrant screwball tweets with words like Tedious followed by a period donlad trump reportedly says that normal type pokemon are a waste of time. they're just dirty birds & rats who have no right being a pokemon always looking for exicting new up and comers in the realm of breathtaking digital online content to block what can i say. my hatres are my motivators (gets pic of nude man covered in syrup sent to inbox) FUCk. Please stop doing my Civic Duty (evading tax's) while laughing at trolls threatenning to do arson to my house MarioGodKenneth is stuck in israeli prison again and ive received $0 in donations towards his bail. do not shorw me your mystifying cowboy slurs at this point and time ssure. ill concede that this landmark decision is a step in the right direction. BUt people who pre-order games are still getting swindled . What can i say. WHen its the game of politics, its open season on everyone who has entitled and ignorant views of opinions. No filter dont talk to me of trade agreement when the only thing we can agree of is that charlatans & mad hatters have overrun the waushington office. any one who posts snark of my dear friend Bobby Jingle gets the head blowqn off shot gun style and is not allowed to have a real grave . dictating some more nice posts to my keyboard boy while my wife straps me to the big spinning crross this would be Twitter, a Web site for fu&%in adults. Yeah committing unforgivable crimes against nautre in my laboratory ,trying to create the next genetically discombobulated meme animal DIVORCE GURU: gaming is a right, not a privilege. remember that always. ME: Thank you divorce guru . im not going to eat mcdonalds becuase bacteria refuse to break it down. instead ill eat the food bacteria love the most: raw chicken & turds now youve done it, teens. the official mr bean account is closing because you all kept calling him dad limiting the thursday nite rant to one day of the week . its just not good for gthe brand people are telling me that i have no right to post the thursday nite rant on a tuesday. SCREAMING it to me how come nobody ever helps me when im playing team foot ball. i beg for the other players to help me and they refuse to #theThursdayNiteRant ;i help girls now youll all be glad to know that my soul has undergone some much needed healing after i apologized for the earthquakes which killed thousands. my Ass Ceremony is solely to blame for all thre bad earthquakes. if i knew it would have caused the earthquakes i would not have done it. before we begin todays ball game, user would like a few words on Dairy Queen the audience boos as i traipse the field in my tiny car you will pry it from my cold muscular hands, fucker guess what. i have the brain of a Human. i have a Human's brain oculus allows you to smoke wii remote like a cigar and blow heaps of smoke in celebs faces beautiful e3 conference from the Police. THreatened to trap all crooks. Spinning handcuffs around. Elaborate boot play. No games to announce digging thorugh all the trash cans and dumpsters at e3 in search of condoms containing genetically superior gamer cum dont !! (POsturing like a dip shit at the public pool) My father owns no small number of shares at the smirnoff ice company. Let me be the lifeguard (in forced toughguy voice ) What the fuck is a clove of garlic. Around here we call it piece of garlic Shut the fuck up I hate the really small salt shakers and long for the times when we owould be inclined to more often use the big salt shakers at restaurants #MyDreamCarWouldHave a big ass i could fuck painting an exquisite 12 foot mural of martin luther king jr dressed as a cop, entitled The Dream Realised , to prove im not racist at last llove Driving Um Wild with my trade mark wrong opinions *does something fucking stupid or embarrassing in between tthe asterisks and doesnt expect anyone to wonder why im typing it out* im normal, Im Very Upset with girls *impossibly low-res bikini babe robo-posting about heartworm meds follows me* Just kidding. Im only mad at the boys out with dentists, in with mouth gurus evolution of doritos: cool ranch -- cooler ranch -- cool ranch again -- epitome ranch -- lousy ranch -- apotheosis ranch -- shit ranch some names for potential new nintendos, after the super nintendo: the good nintendo, the nice nintendo, the helpful nintendo; more to come #SeedPig for podunk nit wit ((pulls gun out in bank) NObody MOVE OR ILL BPLOW YOUR FUCKING HEAD OFF (empties a shit load of free lollipops & dog biscuits into big jeans The Brand Ayatollah gaining a new followefr... that, to me, is a real A-Ha! moment Let it be known that I am the sole proprietor of the Ren Stimpfani joke, and that all attempts to replicate it are for the garbage can. alright netheads, Click the damn window out. Go outside. Mnake a grilled cheese sandwich with tomato slice. Thank me later stop flooding the #stolenvalor hashtag with army man shit and only use it to report plagiarized @ Dril content, please and thank you too much pressure from society saying we all got to learn how to self suck. iwill never self suck my dick and im unfollowing anyone who does The Two Steaks Bastard . im seated down, and Ready to get pissed off. (i descend from the heavens) I'm uh, netflix is good (i go back up to heaven) ah folks i do delcare i am a dumb ass southern gentle man who wouldnt know a re tweet from a ragdoll in this court room to-day Well, it'd better damn friday special thank you to that one guy who is really upset about some marco rubio incest joke i made on here and keeps sending me scary emails shutterstock has hit hte concept of A young atheist out of the damn park with this one. bravo theres a 3rd babe movie where he turns into a human at the end. beautifully done scene. the pigs dream comes true. the government Blocked it (after hearing the library has games , i arrive at the front desk, disguised as a non-gamer) er... im here for some... book's Hhm, Nope DisgruntledStepSon university lost accreditation when nickelodeon slimed the dean, degree is useless, 200000 in debt & back in diapers, love getting ass kicked prince hussein.wheres my goodboy bailout my annual Cum tribute to the Ford Focus will no longer be archived in the library of congress due to partisan gridlock and meddling taxmen sen larry craig(R): DuRr I have a wide stance Me: Cmon. If this guys for real. Then I got a bridge to sell ya... and I just ran outta bridges TWITTER APP: THree different guys you know just faved the same damn tweet. This is breathtaking. What are the odds ME: please locate my wife ME: waiter.give me a shitty joe WAITER: (wow...this guy just ordered a sloppy joe in a bad ass way i never heard before. powerful move.) Ok cold butter popcorn. tjust throwing that one out there [UmbrageLiker has joined the chat] PleasantBoy: GET HIM OUT OF HERE NiceKeeper: NOT ON MY WATCH KindBarber: FUCK OFF ! Helper: THIS IS AWFUL i got in the newspaper twice. once for my good posts, and once for screaming while still in the womb somehow the online web. truly a touching testament to the power of. deeply Human connections. -what Abe Lincoln would say if he were alive still ill take... the whole damn lot ! telling secretary to hold my calls so i can spend some time lookinh at girls avatars with a loupe accidentally severed my spine due to some bogus info i received on the computer Unamused by trash behaviour . i fairly tend to use Sarchasm to destroy liars mentally, and if that's not yiur cup of tea, i have the 2 words for you which is Suck it !! horseplay is morally indefensible howling james dean lookalikes circling their choppers around me, swinging chains while i sit in the gravel and borwse the nintendo 3ds eshop Sword's. The only blade known to man if i wasnt constantly debilitated from online-induced stress i could probably kick off the ass of any guy on here another thing that fuckin sucks is the gerber baby ME: why am i just the man for the job? lets see. i love hamburgers, i love to help, HAMBURGER HELPER CEO: Leave these hallowed halls at once im all about getting out there and putting the posts up like im bad outta hell I will be your Father. I will take you as my Son and teach you the ways of online. We will hold hands as our follower count reaches infinity Sigh. Mistakes were made, folks. this account is now 100%, fully unbridled, Racist. Fuck you ! my reaction when people react to pictures of my reaction when im reacting to something good plrease go to the salad bar and get me a plate full of bake and bits do not tell my friend/colleague how to make his fucking posts. hes a really good account & ahs been suffering from bedbugs i ruminate over a scrapbook full of middle finger pics to keep myself demure, respectful and humble. i deserve these , i utter shitheadedly tge nicest thing about me is i have excessively dry balls which basically start flaking apart like a piece of strudel whenever I walk around james bond learns how to do cartwheels from a wise eskimo on top of mt. everest and uses them to roll through a nuclear blast unscathed thw word \\good\\. when you hear it, you're almost guaranteed something nice - TheTrendingBoy kfc commercial idea: a man is trying to get into kfc but he is too small to reach the door handle. he tries and tries and nobody helps him workshopping some atrocious new kfc slogans My oh my, The taste of it Kfc its a boys thing kfc aah!! Munch Help me get to kfc Hubba i want Damn KFC nearly most of all the time ! if it's not Damn KFC ill drop it like a sack of fuckin potatos !! me and my laywer are discussing possible challenges that may arise from me asking a net girl to run me over with her car while i pound off FOlks, please, do not hesitate to send me twitter content before you publish it, so i can tell you if it's acceptable, or if it's bull shit TWITTER: our records sjow...youre the least blocked guy here. 0 mutes ME: spectacular. Truly, truly miraculous. This is a sign... to post more listen., pal, if you think im the kind of guy who doesnt wipe his ass, you're barkin up the wrong tree. my ass needs all the help it can get ENJOYING BOND MMO?? JUST CRAFTED SOME REMARKABLE BOND GEAR WHILE YOU WERE BUSY TRYING TO FUCK THE NPCS WITH THE HUNDREDS OF OTHER JAME BONDS world record: stupid ass hole drinks cup of coffee underwater ARMY: your nickname reflects poorly on us all. we're changing it to something like raven or switchknife ME: no. hostage killer is good Who Ever Left Their Pear Here. Come Get Your Pear playing Dr. Kawashima's Brain Training (2006, NDS) 15mins a day gives me, i believe, the edge required to successfully deflect troll attacks maybe the ski mask guy who blasted the Doge dog across the room like a rag doll... maybe he was all of us. my opinion. unfollow if u must. REVIEW- EROTIC SILHOUETTE MUD FLAPS - 1 STAR: piece of shit. drags behind my Honda Accord and gets messed up. too long. not wortg the hassle the dog from Doge ... was assassinated today... at the Pittsburgh Marriott durinng a Meet & Greet ... point blank with a sniper rifle... Weird Houly shit ! The posts just keep on coming Worthless county treasurer in hot water after releasing list of famous cartoon apes he would like to fuck DontWantNoBullShit. DontWantNoBullShit think im going to start incorporating the word Gadzooks into more of my tweets, to punish my followers, for their constant insolence, lumbering dick head told off by albertsons cart boy for trying to siphon gas from a moped while dressed like a blues brother chaplain era silent motion pictures where basically the first subbed anime . click to read more this guy was driving around with a decal of calvin pissing on nothing in particular. you missed the point entirely wwith this baffling setup i did it. i posted like a fucking cartoon character instead of a human for 7 years and finally got my free light bulb get this fellas. i just doxxed MetalGearEric and his real name is: Ted Staircase. he lied about being an eric and his last name is staircase whether its that Hot rock N\\ roll or Cool jazz, well we can know what the one thing is that we all can agree on, is that it is Pretty good my idea for a car, is that it looks like a normal car., but right next to the steering wheel Blammo. theres a hose you can suck beer out of bastard, floks. whether you're young or old: Star wors. Does it every time (in slick Dennis Miller cadence) guh, ah! ive had my ass put to the terrible kingdom of hell, also known as the devils playpen , and also Satans Playpen im out here in the yard trying to clean up my turds with a hair brush one of my neighbors kicked my big flaming barrel of shit and piss over & spilled burning waste all over my yard just because im an irish man #UNELECTABLE !! #DEADWRONG !! #MarcoRubio #TeamRubio #Rubio2016 (to women at party) Im probably the top most crapped-on guy at twitter. My options get trashed constantly and Im best fit to shut my mouth. folks... when isay Im Getting my nails done , im talking being hammered to the cross, by those infamous trolls we all think poorly of, reduced my weight gain goal to 300 lbs at the advice of my doctor a social network to help cops with dirty boots meet browbeaten civilians who want to Spit`s shine the boots for free... my one true vision Stick It to the bastards of Washington using this hot new WendysTrick: Bigtime WendyScam for Nonviable Bun Bargain; Pitiful & Effective Hunter S. Quiznos bblast my dick with Pet Dander good news folks, today i dreamt about buying Furniture w/my girl followers so i punished myself by slamming the toilet lid on my fat fingers this weeks Mother Fucker award goes to BabePigMovieMan for saying my dick looks Crumpled up like a napkin (listening to a wolf howl off in the distance) do you hear that. thats the sound of another fav star trophy in the bag Nmot a single one of you has given me your account password so i can make posts about top airfare deals on your behalf, especially the girls for $500, i'll follow oyu on here and steal your best posts. this is an excellent way to get your foot in the door if you ask me the Digimon Otis peace treaty will hence be frozen in piss and thrown onto the freeway where itll shatter into one million despicable pieces Fuck Otis. I will never follow a bastard such as this. thbe new Digiman game looks like shit for children& 2015 will NOT herald the Digiman renaissance tht Otis desparately needs to stay relevant Well, the time has come. But before I officially grant DigimonOtis the coveted follow, I would like to say a few words. The ceremony will begin at 12:00 EST, wherein DigimonOtis shall unblock my account, and I will Follow him, officially ending this turmoil. pleased to announce, on the april of 9th, that i have signed a Truce with DigimonOtis, ending a feud that has persisted over several years . Whua?? No sponsorship disclaimer? no my friends. im saying all of these things for free, because i need to enjoy your hot burger while children Piss freely in the colorful plastic tubes mere inches from your dinner, watch it flow down the slide Soda is back Only at Mcdonald the new meat ball sus sandwich at mc donalds is a home run and between you and me the taste is sensational and almost good do not show me this i'll peruse the web at my own damn leisure and thats a fact jack yknow folks, not many things tell you theyre good right there in the name, so if you see things like Good Friday or Goodfellas i say Take It going nuclear on smart asses today, with the block button, Whilst enjoying my normal life with a cup of Porter Brew and eating Main Lobster. whicghever media wizards decide what you all are currently angry about should consider the grievous crap of people putting mustard on bagels ((restrained by cops and forced to watch a man put mustard on a bagel) nno!! you're ruining it! That's quality bakedgoods i am a cot and pickin tells it like it is son of a bitch a visit... from the easter man Why should there be only one good friday. Let's try our best to make all the Fridays good. Thank you -a quote i invented which made me cry some times it takes a little bit of Free thinking to be able to look at the bull shit of the world to step back and say Damn What the hell ME: These days everyone wants to suck their smart phones dick if u ask me. HIPSTER: Is that a new feature? ME: ((making bitter beer fsce) my plan of my walk of life is always making one million smackers (dollars) to get rich, and to pick up all the money I find on the floor im the reddit guy hwo ranted about an existential crisis i had after realizing all of jeff foxworthys you might be a redneck jokes were me wghen other people do jokes, they get the big buzz feed office, allowed to kiss girls,etc, but when i do it im treated like a Crook. typical you know what. im dropping the subject and going outside to sip some cool lemonade. Enjoy your circle jerlk look at the calender. I'm not explaining this further its a joke you nit wits. Fuck all of you ah ! your feeds going to blowup! loug out, quick!! dont try to tell me it's spelled clarence   i will not be april's fool forced to commit suicide on live tv after 50yr old post comes to light in which i claim that scotus clarance thomas jacks off using his feet the trolls: please Followback, and also Yolo me: HUh?? Shit for brians? Whuaa?? Egads. Homina Homina. Sweet Baby Crap. You're a fool real_damn_fairly_misanthropic_red_m_and_m if anoyne sees a blue thermos on I-95 that is a container of Stress Vomit my wife threw out of the car and i need to show it to my doctor daily reminder to wrap your Shit in tin foil before flushing so it doesnt touch other people's shit coax me into the toilet like a big bu g one more. good night auh yeah ! !! CLERK: Do you have your reward card ME: Absolutely I do not. I shan't be taking money out of the hands of Best Buy using insidious exploits. clown college is bnot a real place. it is a location imagined by trolls so they can claim that i'm from there or that i should go there. funny that s.bucks suddenly wants to talk about race right after they throw me & my 7 service dogs out of their restaurant for being White eEyYaAgGhH !! MY ASS ... lost in the Maze. scrolling down my feed...lauguhing my ass off at my own trade mark Knee Slappers , my mouth stuffed with bread making beastly noises how do people know how big their dicks are. is there an online quiz you can take im at the point in my life where i cant relate to any popular fictional characters unless they use massive amounts of hair gel and steriods 109 year old man attributes long life to uncircumcised dick, no vaccines, sorry bartender. if i order the wrong beer the trolls will have a field day. lets play it safe. fiji water for me, with a Hint of pepsi at around 36:29 in the steve harvey fleshlight vid you can see a single tear rolling down his cheek, crying for the lost souls watching him the steve harvey fleshlight vid now officially has more views than the critically acclaimed masterwork Boyhood . we can do better people once again i will take the path of honor, i will pledge NOT to watch the steve harvey fleshlight vid, no matter how good everyone says it is 3 reasons to join the jackinf off without a condom movement: 1) Its good 2) Its free to join it 3) You dont need a condom to jack off you see this...? *taps computer monitor with finger* this is not just a bunch of mixed up numbers and digits. this is a kingdom of Minds... im he nice man... who celebrates all the saints who DOnt have holidays. and not just 1 day a year... #Bless about 90% sure i just saw a dog tossing garbage out of the back seat of someone's car im a pleased as punch spoon-fed bitch and thats a bottom line nothing like pouring a fresh bag of kitty litter down the ass crack after another liberating diarrhea shit pplease let me join mensa. my IQ is essentially, zero, but i have very good, clean hands bbeing passively aggressively retweet trolled by half wits & their beautiful girl friends just makesme say Not before ive had damn coffee. all young men Must be fitted for a good Italian suit, ideally by age 4. i will not fucking apologize or back down from this Why am i smilin tonight fellas? Just got my hands on that new good treat to sip known only as simply Bber . concerned about people posting false lunches. lying about the food they ate on here. fraud meals. please start putting the receipts up humbly Genuflecting myself before my girl followers, at the end of another red-letter sunday night on the comptuer fuckin online fuckin idiots hu. now im a man who likes his garlic butter... let me tell you. in fact, im prone to saying that regular butter needs to step it up a tad, its true. my father owned slaves in the 1980s but he has since apologized & been forgiven with love and support. he's a nice man now. phenomenal the 1st rule of my twiter account is read my posts with an open mind,. the 2nd rule is the fight club rules. the 3rd rule is simply Have Fun the other son wipes his ass too much. goes thrugh absurd amounts of tissue & has effectively thrown any respect for my household to the Dogs my 35 year old son is howling because he clogged the toilet without using any toilet paper again. the neighborhood despises my howling boy tokyo of nippon. the big apple. it is here i will forge my destiny selling printouts of my most Fucked Up posts. i sip off my beer cup & nod do the Macarana ? Ha. No thanks i highly suggest using hash tag #HuckleGate if you're a Journo who wants to print my tougjh but fair opinions regarding huckle berry hound huckleberry hound. talk about someone who needsto get his act together, pronto judge dredd kicks the doors of the wtc mosque wide open and says Well this looks like a big bunch of crap to me please hire me as an actor if any of you are filming a movie or somr shit. my forte is making extremely comical faces while being strangled the jduge orders me to take off my anonymous v mask & im wearing the joker makeup underneath it. everyone in the courtroom groans at my shit There is something to be said for being able to bring that Wow factor., into mediums that make use of Social. Mm. Just incredible - @ Dril Mountan Dew Cold Red check it out I.m taking a break from people who think it is good to make a fool of me for drama purposes. Basically dont look at my page until im not mad sign em off log em out log em out sign em off sign em off log em out Raw Hide (whip noise,) When and Rome. Gotta See This: tenets & facets of sears tyrannical mattress return policy ridiculed Skeptically by man with more than enough to eat at home the bastard of downloads you know what. im going to just come out and say it. i think that we should let the geico geckco go into hospitals & entertain the bedridden when your feeding trough is clear of Debris... that is the shit i like to happen the cold damn truth of it is that all of your dads have probably owned slaves at some point. im sorry but that is just simply the true shit. christ. just suddenlty hit with the realization that what im doing here is truly important.. thst behind each Impression ... is a smile... please follow my dril page need 800 more dollars to keep the unofficial $h*! My Dad Says tv show wiki up and running for another month, yiou fucking worthless toads, let's leave politics in the hog pen and debate the real shit, like which 90yr old restaurant owner invented the original chicken cheesesteak then they donate the hair to corrupt criminal organizations isntead of mixing it w/ rotten fruit & feeding it to the dogs, as wa s customary aand barbers had such good names then too,. like Floyd or Erasmus . now they have bad names like bozo the clown and nazi back in the nice days, youd go to th e barbershop and theyd serve you a full seven course meal during your haircut. not like today my friend Biber done it #ThingsIWontApologizeFor eating dog shit out of the toilet like a low down snake in the grass im the guy who asked the baten kaitos forum if i should bring a condom to hooters Here basicly a sniper rifle that can switch gears and turn into a baseball bat if the situaiton demands it. an armymans ultimate tool i was once known on youtube as Epic PLease stop recording me Man., now im top influencer Gary Faves, making $500 a year posting from home my friends, theres nothing i enojy more than a capsule of beer , while tasting beer with other 18-34 year olds, at the beer store justl had to unfollow about six people for tweeting during the official Beggin Strips Moment of Silent Reflection please remember that im in charge of this website before you try to drag some toughguy shit all over my good page cmon peopl now smile on your gamers everuybody get together try to do good with your Gamers right now the twilight zone episode where the guy blocks everyone on twitter and becomes startled and bewildered when no one is left to give him favs, THIngs other people like: being bastards, being Uniformly tasteless THINGS I Like: Being reasonably kind, and trying to help, when i can v U see that shit?? That`s what we call in the business Another satisfied custoumer . Locked down. CollegeHater: Ur arms aren't getting enough sunlight CollegeHater: Did u use the cream I sent u CollegeHater: Ur dead. At the flagpole. 3pm the dress Color? (grins Intelligently at the hell about to be unleashed upon naive content consumers) its brown, because i wipe my ass of it ME: Sorry. i must turn down your offer to join the Mafia, as itd disappoint my friends on twitter THE MAFIA:The Mafia respects your decision ISIS MAN: It's Jim from Montana. He says ISIS should Cool it and that we're Crooks ISIS CHIEF: Damn. Were finished. Dismantle the nuke Eatinh a 26 dollar hoagie. Retweets Against Adam Lanza hell no i wont wear a sleeping cap. what the fuck is that shit. how does a hat help you go to sleep. looks like, a Fools hat. I shoudl. Just bring back the fucking TexMexBoy shit. Thats all im good for It didnt work. Leave it mn If it doesn't have that ZING , it ain't Tex-Mex. - TheTexMexBoy You don't know Jack, unless you know Pepper Jack . - TheTexMexBoy dinner portions... for lunch? Absolutely. Absolutely. -TheTexMexBoy I love the name of honor, more than I fear death. -me to my boss after he found a picture of me with a big shit stain on my sweatpants they should rename twitter .com the dignity website , because i swell with pride when i think of the 200,000+ things ive posted on here sylvestetr the cat: sufferin succotash! Terry Schiavo was murdered if you go to a nascar rally carrying a clipboard and wearing a hard hat people will just let you go on the track and kiss all the good cars and the final word i leave all of you pitiful cowards upon this sinful night is Truth ... hold it clos.e... use it... thank you i was uninvited from the oscars for trying to sell oscars brand bear bile to everyone who stopped their car for me while i fake hitchhiked oscars for exrtraordinarily subversive, insightful, online textual Musings?? unsoiled by MOneymen?? Thats what my shit particularly would be my son got on my tablet and posted something truly unworthy of the institution of oscars but i wont delete it because theyre his first words .,. &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; THATS MY DICL #Oscars2015 Duty And Honor A Man's Sense of integirty. laying in the car, hiding firom my malicious Wife because im in trouble for buying too many toothpicks to fit into the tooth pick holder tried to make an fps in the 90s but i only got as far as naming the difficulty levels YA MOMMAS BOY , PUKE and TURN THE GAME OFF DIPSHIT took some pics of my new satellite dish, but im not posting them until hatred annd cynicism are eradicated youve heard of the trail of tears, well, if the boys in the white house had their way it would be the trail of taxes, and we;d get the shaft every one always says they would use x-ray goggles to look at womens asses and get horny and wild. Not me. I would use them to help doctors everyone cuts their arms and legs off in the future because all you have to do is say computer fetch me my Posts and itll do it Politic's is back baby. It's good again. Awoouu (wolf Howl) if i ever accidentally posted something relatable or good enough to trick you into following this account, i truly apologize. im crying also sand blast my damn ass or go to pig piss cop hell man encased in lethal amounts of body oil and skin bronzer preserved for thousands of year.s... beautiful 1) My finger nails are clean 2) Sorry that i fucking use my hands to work for a living & dont care about finger nails 3) Peastebin incoming requesting hand critiques. please be honest , but fair if any of oyu crude boys want to come after me *room lights up revealing collection of r/c helicopters behind my outspread arms* be my guest Ghuph,.Being called a Bastard on here by someone with a sexually explicit avatar is the bigguest laugh ive had on this website since 2014. i accept all your apologies you sad mother fuckers. YOu all have a lot of work to do when it comes to critiquing my meme style. Foul animals my good new plan is to aquire a storefront, name it please dont come in here and jack off inside of it, alone, until i run out of money ready to help all cops . question my alligence to the dod damn twitter website and get swiftly block buttoned to childish hell, nincompoopts as a Parent... the thought of somebody attacking my sons with some sort of weapon, is just not good to me fellas. do n't forget to do something special for that lady in your life on valentine's day! none of you deserve love hoping for that big promotion from mounted, tormented beast to rodeo clown doctor: i can say with absolute certainty that if you do one more weird trick youll die me: CAPTAIN TIGER's Miracle Corn. LOok it up bastard im a journelist now. gi;ve me free monster engery or ill Eviscerate you my godfather died of urine poisoning while cleaning out a mcdonalds playplace tube and that's why drama makes me upset please dont make whimsy of the popes ass while I am on-feed. ive more inportant things to do than indulge myself in hearsay of the popes ass may the wind carry my tweets and soothte the sick, the wounded, the downtrodden of both man & beast, across the savage shit earth of trolls, JUDGE: i'll commute 10 yrs from ur sentence if you kiss my gavel ME: no. i will do the time i deserve and thats the truth and also nuff said im the good man whorespects his followers, i respect the artistriy of tweeting and i respect my girl followers also. nuff said dip shit my critics say that my unconventional ass wiping techniques are no good. that i am seriously wounding my ass. that my ass is dirty. bastards apparel, im probably going to post more messages on here soon so please don't unfollow me catching a ton of flak for my how to fuck a Cadbury egg web log series. sorry dim wits. your dick needs to be really small for it to work if youre looking for good movies about grease, do not watch the nmovie grease , because you will get swindled sometimes i think thnings would be easier if i would just bite the bullet and relinquish my real name for my meme name, epic Couch Bitch shocking: racism is the light of my soul. racism is the air that i breathe, and racism is what i like. -RacismMario pass the savings onto me mother fucker Q: Dear friend to all online. Do Good people die? A: Good people absolutely do not die, and you have bveen blocked for asking me this # i will never bring dishonuor to the web by lowering my self to the point of placating the lowest common denominator witht Joke or Gags dr phil disciplines 2 year old toddler demon hog with cow boy boots live on crackle ^ &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; The Web Site Of Rat People vvv I'll nmever click on anything. Never marked for death after lays used my idea for steroid flavored potato chip and put my god damn name and location on the bag i just hacked into the church and made god REal im still noob after all these years, after 20 years of the computer im still noob, unbelievable the secret fruit that oprah eat`s to become more psychic can now be ordered ONLINE for my money... nothin hits the spot quite like Food, or Drink (in highly rational and cool voice) i have the higher follower count than them. i wiont let them undermine me favorite crood haver , online now thte content man fails once again, and walks home to get trash talked by his 34-year old son who refuses to eat anything without ketchup like this if youre one of the 3% of teens who remembers when music was just guys saying my name is kid rock over and over becoming a meme after confessing that i left my gf at a 5 star restaurant to spray my dick with compressed air taught me the pain of Slavery cyber bullied at k mart ill come on to the computer when i damn like to, and ill post what i damn want to, and thats the facts of it my style football?? Pfuh. while you sweathogs are pounding off to grievous injury porn i'll be experiencing life at the car wash, with shorter lines on March 14th 2011, user AIDS_Wanter maliciously paraphrased my alt-luit witticism regarding birdseed which turns into birds, when planted TIME: Why arent you live tweeting the big game. Why ME: id never forgive myself if i killed someone by pushing vital info off of their feed. im NOT going to live tweet the damn super ball game, and im NOT going to respond to any DMs asking why. i care about the integrity of Feeds looking to get on some rowdy boys bad sides tonight mother fucker. sex worship i;s a mental condition that is worse than liking the super bowl the professional youtube reaction man who pays me $3 an hour to scrawl his account name on the walls of womens toilets just died of cholera aggressively joyless oaf hhere. painfully obnoxious respect demander checkign in. extremely dim witted frowning man looking for pals DICK DOCTOR: have you been using protection ME: yes. i put an entire towel in my ass seems like nowadays are more like nowadays than they were thenadays and thenadays were less like nowadays than they were thenadays, nowadays in talks with twitter execs to make my account unblockable, and also Worse glue man here, poking in to this site. big glue guy. just seeking atlanta house wife, miss Right Lady, to Glue me, to the glue just enjoying a noticable uptick in Favs and Followeres ever since my sworn enemy, Osama bin Laden, was brutally murdered in his rumpus room to my hawaiian pen pal from like 4th grade; sorry for sending you a pinecone. if someone sent me a pine cone in the mail i'd beat their ass ISSUE: is the road runner wile e coyote's son FOR: thhey, seem to respect each other, on some level AGAINST: one of them is a dog appreciating every post online is akin to acquainting oneself w/ each earthly grain of sand...and i absolutely intend to do both these things like i always say; sewage is just shit in a pipe big pharma. if youre reading this i have an idea for a pill that makes you tinier so you can fit into secret zones. i will let you invent it another Twisted observationWhere the fuck does cinnamon come from. it just appears on food sometimes. Do people buy it at the store or what ap,. Ha ha ha its me. It's me. Yeah, good jok.e. No my ass is out again,. this time at the opera house. no wifi!! turn on the wifi!! i yell from the balcony. im trying to shit but i cant Comments off until the children go to bed. hakuna mycoffee. #Understandable shocking wiki leak #WikiLeaks #ObamaChewingGum Clown Disregarder me when theres not enoujgh fuckin coffee or beer! looking to spice up my marriage with pg13 comedies about camping Shut the fuck up abuot Greece Thank you to all USERs who have engaged my web space regarding Super Bowl. You have increased the Social Power of myself and the NFL forever hey now, its super bowl congress passes law to make every character in every show go to jail on the final episode like in seinfeld im somewhat a bit of an expert on *looks around cautiously* girls, as i have convinced many of them to beat the shit out of me on craig list wiping out an entire archaeological site by drifting in my 1500-ton big rig truck with piss up my ass bitch boy on the side in neon lights nuke obtained by renegade AssFreak Thank you for your time, Elon. I know youre very busy but I appreciate you coming onto my feed. elon: the tesla milker will run by taking ordinary chemtrails out of the air and tuirning them into, milk me: wow. Tastes great. Ha ha ha enjoying a conversation with my friend elan musk,. im sorry for claiming i was going to flip the script on dry rub barbeque. that was wildly irresponsible of me U would be superbly fucking remiss to not click on my link of top 10 reasons that Vuvuzela s are The Dog's bollocks some times... i need my coffee fix so bad... i gotta grab TWO mugs!! Im the mockery of all my co-workers and i fucking suck watching stimpy slide up the fireman pole traumatized me and made me want to become a united state marines the News; - death cured; immortality real -on-line ghoul given plaque; recognized as loudest human alive - bird infiltrates macaroni grill im the guy who is famous at the hospital because i had to have two catheters put in since i piss so much i just talked to all of my celeb friends on this site and they told me that the blue checkmark is good to have. personally, i believe them., please help me to obtain my fair share of royalties from the video caterwauling jack ass shot with cannon \\ , which is now viral with hits YES !! YES ! PULLOVER another stir-up at the office when relatably handsome professional refuses to remove sticker from khakis that says my other pants is jeans pplease remember to turn your location on so the buffoons on this web site can have an easier time finding you, for whatever horrible reason the american sniper murders 8 people with one bullet 2000miles away from a beach chair in hawaii, winks at the camera and says Its A Livin 4k tech will enable the viewer to see my dick hole fully accentuated through my jeans as the media hunts me down in a carrabba`s parking lot both my parents are jamaican immigrants. my dad came here in the 80s and worked a factory job for a few dollars an we teach locals to shrink themselves. to make themselves smaller. we say to locals you can listen to post malone centrist twitter: gather your wands, fellow resistor gryffindors. president voldemort is back at it again with his good afternoon fellas what are we irrationally hating just because its enjoyed by women today bless us under 6ft king its disturbing what i gross anti-capitalist comrade jay-z me: elon musk: you bitches smell poor. im goingmars watch set it up on netflix im gonna show YOU how to leave a party after only being there for 15 minutes im one of two queer short kings of color on this list soccer players are the hottest athletes. no joke here just appreciation ultimately no human being should feel ashamed of their body unless youre a white person with dreadlocks danny devito is the king of short kings reply to this tweet with 4 photos that describe the first half of your 2k18 the facebook invasion has begun me: *watching anime* hey that guy told me to kill myself on twitter gwen stefani taught me how to spell banana but i wish she taught me how to do my taxes womens fashion: beautiful prints, bold patterns, quality fabrics mens fashion: t shirt that says will trade my sister for fortnite starting an all gay indie cover band called fleet foxes whos in i have two nice suits and have yet to be invited to any weddings so im now taking applications for new straight fr me in 2010 listening to kid cudi before a depression nap i am proud to announce that June 21, 2018, the longest day this year, will officially be the first worldwide Short King Appreciation day whenever people tell kids to go outside more i remember the time me and some friends went to pop firecrackers in th the confidence jumped out. thats all you. i had nothing to do with it king we tear down girls for trying too hard to be ~quirky~ while saying NOTHING about boys who base their entire persona our duo spoken word album Yellow Bonez in Yellow Tonez dropping soon happy pride from a short king happy weekend to men under 6ft. were embracing our short kinghood. were wearing whatever shoes we like, not just people who were emo in the 2000s and stayed in the suburbs evolved into a scene people. emo people who moved to the every brunch spot on pride weekend all flies are racist. every bee is a radical leftist 1-800-273-8255 is the national suicide hotline. all calls are confidential and theyll talk with you/link you to re me empathizing and being gentle with my friends when i say kings under 6ft that includes trans masc kings. were so powerful. anything is possible with a pos so many people wanted a pony as a child only to turn around and slander short men as adults. fools. we are the ponies of humans when lil wayne said real G's move in silence like lasagna he was referring to how cis Gay men must decenter ourse statistically at least one of the 12 disciples should have been queer but none of them were. it was jesus me: corporation: happy lgbtq month :) the is for banks :) one gotta go broke: #NotAllMen woke: #NoTallMen us short kings save you so much money at the grocery store and you go online and mock us im literally shaking 57 man: hi 52 woman: shouts out to closeted lgbtq ppl. it takes so much mental energy to have to constantly perform a false identity. bu good morning kings under 6ft. today were loving ourselves and easily avoiding branches when chief keef said im a gorrilla in a fuckin coup, finna pull up to the zoo nigga, o nigga, who the fuck is y fellas, is it bi to watch tv and be on your phone at the same time. be honest got interviewed for how can you say homosexuality is unnatural when this mountain is fleeting rainbows qwhite an interesting list there kings under 6ft tall. we are valid. we are strong. we are at lower risk of heart disease. if they cant appreciat a guy i made out with on a tinder date posted a boomerang of him fondling a dogs balls on his instagram story happy sunday who else feeling immobilized by the knowledge theres human suffering behind every product you consume fellas, is it gay to exclusively be attracted to/have sex with the same gender. be honest im doing stand up for 5:45 tonight. room 415 comedy club *walks up to straight couple* so whos the autobot and whos the decepticon BEST PRIDE MONTH OF MY LIFE pride month: *begins* the nra: straight pride exists and its everyday at buffalo wild wings lol im shocked and honored you actually used this stan twitter: the pusha tea is HOT basketball shorts under jeans twitter: no homo but i am enjoying this born after 1990 culture is feeling 40 years older than people 4 years younger than you pastel shorts twitter: ya, my family is upper middle class or whatever but we struggled. like in the 2008 financi respond to this with the picture from your camera roll pusha would use for your diss track cover art one gotta go since everyone is dissing people i just wanna say to my old manager at clarks shoes in the chicago water tower: you pusha t going through photobucket to find the pic of drake in blackface drake: u fell off lmao pusha: Youre perpetuating the cycle of fatherlessness, Aubrey. my favorite show right now is white people being shocked they cant be racist with their outside voice good morning one gotta go me on public transit listening to music pretending like im in an indie movie heres a selfie whatre yall up to marvins room dropped the morning after my first break up. it was raining. drake is the last horcrux of my teena everyone leave drake ALONE. we need another reverb heavy, reversed snare drums, SAD album. something to get WINE DR i like: women men that boom boom pow them chickens jacking my style trying to copy my swagger i'm on tha good morning to everyone unless youre in ICE then i hope its your last when i used to go over to my white friends houses and theyd drink plain whole milk with dinner white men commit random mass murder more than lgbtq people, women, and poc because when we dont get what we want f if unrequited love actually led to murder every queer person would be in jail Men Under 6ft has become this centurys N-Word. Its used to offend and diminish the recipient based on assumptio hi when you tweet about men being trash while dating a man almond, coconut, and soy products. yall aint gotta base your worth on being an alternative to dairy. you are whole. you are enough. hello. im in brooklyn for two weeks. i would really enjoy performing on your comedy show. us: please can we have gun control children are dying government: yanny? or if youre in college struggling dont worry about the 4 year timeline society has set up for you. i dropped out 3 c one chip gotta go whats the word for when you tweet but its in your mind and no one else hears it good morning to everyone except the new york times sorry but you dont get to call yourself a twink until youve been on your 5th try and the water still hasnt come out clear we got our mom an ipad & she didnt know what it was. norma is my favorite parent if anyone who has ever attended marian catholic high school in chicago heights knows the recipe to the mild sauce i white people calling the police on their shadows this is kind of problematic so stop reading here if youre easily offended but i hope you have a nice day tbh i have so much respect for Mother Nature and ik shes going thru a lot w her toxic relationship to mankind but *next week* kanye: name a gay dinosaur. you cant. that means something bbs first table read script me: h- art school boi you matched with on tinder and sleeps with his mattress on the floors instagram: first rule of comedy: drop a piano on your head from a tall building then emerge from the piano rubble with a smile drag me if you or your friend has an online clothing store post it in the replies ive been gay in los angeles for 8 months and im still not in brockhampton idk what im doing wrong if theres not a cricket wireless within a mile radius then its not a good barbershop cupcake is the official rapper of chicago now im finna gunna naynay deadhead ass kanye: i am a god conservatives: kneeger kanye: i love trump conservatives: Now wait a minute. Let us hear what th im not foking democrat i am a socialist i used to be the one defending kanye AGAINST white supremacists and now white supremacists are defending kanye agai me listening to the college dropout people born after 2000 will never fully understand the generational trauma inflicted by hollister & abercrombie theres a ban on lettuce in the u.s. and i say GOOD. arugula has done the heavy lifting in salads for ages while le kanye fans: when fergie said if you aint got no money take your broke ass home i felt nothing and didnt listen if they have on high waisted pants with the shirt tucked in theyre bi until further notice happy 420 me the second time i got caught stealing from whole foods only people from the midwest can be truly emo the rest of the country is just pretending a couple pix from issue 8 out now!! shot by someone: *gives me a sincere compliment* me: child: where do babies come from me: staying in your hometown after high school me in high school & college forcing myself to like an artist for a boy me still not having filed my taxes knowing the irs is coming for me beyonc nailing choreography and hitting every note: me trying to reach the outlet behind my bed: i really hope he introduces himself as musical guest and then runs to the stage remember when beyonc said suck my balls and ended gendered biological essentialism everyone apologize to my teenage self right the fuck now i had to look at this 8 times to make sure that they actually used a photo of a serial killer standing in front of so many people are afraid to speak their truth cus they dont wanna be canceled or whatever but ill come right o my lyft driver just said he hates delivering postmates to my apartment building cus it smells like ethnic food whil Yall dating men who dont watch gay porn? Imagine bringing him to ur family cookout and ur pops, uncles and cous zuckerberg: hello senator sir senator: *lowers glasses, squints at phone* how can i tell if my granddaughter blocked me good morning. we deserved a reba reboot but instead we got roseanne remember when the bad luck brian meme lasted us from 2012-2015? remember in 2016 when we had one viral meme a month queer culture is growing up stanning and relating to disney villains people who dont like the office: what sitcoms do you like if youre anti-gun control explain this its not even done shooting yet but watch someone great on netflix reconnected w my long lost sister me going outside in america somebody found my debit card and only got $6.51 of food at jack in the box before it got cancelled. you got the bag i lost my friend shes up front -music festival prover me: am i single? no. im dating myself. focusing on myself. prioritizing and investing in myself. loving myself. re this is tonight jesus: im dead 12 disciples: omg jesus: lmao april fools mary magdelene: girl stop playin somewhere father john misty is watching the walmart yodel boy SHAKING ENOUGH. i will no longer tolerate mockery for well done meats. if im eating an animal i want it DEAD. be quiet and me in the shower about to pass out but refusing to turn the temp down cus i need the water scalding a comedy written and directed by women of color with a majority female crew starring my bestie w a group of gay men in canvas shoes is a brockhampton if you were trying to hit up my manager pls email ogerke and leave olga alone one gotta go i told him that when i found out he wrote for 30 rock i realized black people could write tv and now im a screenwr one gotta go refusing to call white men who commit mass murder terrorists is based off the false idea that white men are the Tru the millennial to gen z cutoff is how well you remember 9/11 and the britney, madonna and christina kiss at the vmas gay twitter: boo str8 ppl lol hetero: but when i say id kill my child if they were gay then its a problem huh release a netflix stand up special without attacking the lgbtq community challenge spongebob is the best tv show of the 21st century just off memegevity alone pimp my queer eye i got a new girlfriend and a new job being attracted to men means at some point in your life you've pretended to be interested in watching someone play video games i look like logic's half brother, reason me talking to a friend: like yes, intimacy is great, but am i really ready for a full relationship right now? inst desk job culture is sitting for hours then going home and sitting because you are tired from sitting who would win i waited a little to see black panther out of light skinned respect me trying to run in a nightmare if a police officer kills a black person they probably deserved it. so yeah chili's this friday? let's play it by the most accurate queer representation in 2017 was the gay dude in shape of water crashing his car hOw CaN YoU tAlK aBoUt GuN CoNtRoL wHeN yOu've NeVeR FiReD a GuN how ya'll anti gay and you've never sucked cock best nut? you look like armie hammer's doodlebob teachers having guns would be the worst thing to happen to black children since studded belts student: can i go to the bathroom teacher: *cocks glock* idk can you student: *pissing self* may i republicans when the NRA lobbyists visits congress white child: *commits mass murder* society: let's pray for the parents, reckoning with their baby boy's nono black i'd like to submit a formal transfer request to a different simulation please joining a gang as a means of survival in a deeply segregated city that defunds its public schools and underserves it's weird but like it's almost like... starting to seem like chicago gang leaders aren't the ones shooting up high the year is 2075. the general public was convinced by a facebook meme that gun control is reverse racism. the only first generation american culture is knowing your parents left their birth country to give their kids a better life love -random combination of neurochemicals -better in songs -expensive -will hurt you fake youtube relationship -r i'm an aspiring nature photographer looking for work. your rt could be the one that changes my life fast fashion is mining 2000s culture for new looks and i'm ashamed of how excited i am for caucasian sk8wear to be lesbian couples are scientifically the most powerful of the gays. studies of lesbian mitochondria show that they ac i just saw a video on here of a lesbian couple proposing to each at the same time, unplanned. the gays have now won one gotta go ty for naming me a crushable bae!! feels great to be crushed by something other than the existential reality lacroix is like drinking sprite with a condom teaching digital/media literacy in schools is the first step to saving the future. teach kids how to understand adv i just read a book i already have instead of buying a new one t.i. looking like a snack in these wicked witch 1's just might fuck around and drop a house on shorty today we mourn a legend what skincare/beauty products are we using to fill the void richard pryor is now a confirmed bi queer people been funnier LMFKAAOOAO THIS QUINCY JONES INTERVIEW happy black history month to these iconic black animated characters black 2000s culture was getting home from school and watching toonami cars: me: if you wrap your vibrator's batteries in gold ferrero rocher paper and say self care three times it becomes a real person when capitalism finds a way to commodify your anger against capitalism brands and corporations realizing that triggering outrage gets the most attention online one gotta go ur mcm's team lost the super bowl and now he has to wait another year to allow himself to experience male affection get your friends to sign non disclosure agreements to balance this out next years super bowl half time performance has to be future doing march madness 6 times prince saw this hologram coming last year and snatched the talent from jt's soul go tom brady! this is my full truth early 20 something culture is drinking wine from coffee mugs when do they kiss so last year's super bowl theme was race war and this one is? class war? the mannings look stunning this evening everyday i strive to be as brave as a cis straight white dude with nail polish on his thum a sza cover of breezeblocks by alt-j the hologram of prince is gunna avenge janet and pop out justin timberlake's chode every week my family shall feast like kings upon one and a half bags of Baked Lays catch me on super bowl sunday complaining about how the nfl treats players like objects between my takes on who has the juiciest booty rhye just dropped a new album this black history month i'm bringing back songs as ringtones hello i don't know how he's still president when i've tweeted about him at least twice me choosing to be gay happy black history month to the queer and trans black icons whose legacies are too often ignored i hope every person finds someone that treats them like my neck, my back (lick it) by khia when the rebellion's starting and you hear someone say get the light skins too telling me i need to learn how to drive is homophobic the only colonizer who gets a pass is capn crunch my love languages are giving gifts and forwarding memes i'm looking for a photographer in los angeles. tag a friend/reply to this thread with your work logic is the first pinkboned rapper it is an american travesty, that was not nominated for his anthem Take A Knee My Ass (I Won't Take A Knee) fav if your agree us: give sza a grammy!! the academy: and Song Of The Year goes to Take A Knee My Ass (I Won't Take A Knee) u2 is coldplay after a cup of coffee i can't wait to displace my hip seeing rihanna at her vegas residency when i'm 50 y\all make fun of sza's vocal affect but stan white boy indie singers pronouncing oh with an a-e-i-o and u sza did not give us the soundtrack of our heartbreaks and hoeings to be disrespected like this i can't believe were living in a timeline where p!nk didn't trapeze from the ceiling the grammys would start a Best Beyonce category and give the first award to selena gomez kendrick, bruno mars, nick jonas... men under 5\\10 winning this year. rihanna could wear a white hood with eye holes cut out and i'd still stan award shows: *let black people perform* also award shows: *only awards white people* *lives in california once* if someone says a crystal makes them feel good, leave them alone. stop killing people's placebo effect. go watch rick and morty youth culture is feeling like if you don't succeed by 25 someone will literally come kill you welcome to the resistance this is why those jokes aren't funny catch me on valentines day wearing a flowy top, crossfaded off allergy meds and a glass of wine, twirling to fleetw humans act like we're at the top of the animal kingdom when most of us only have two tiddies. cows?? 4 tiddies. dog poor white people: where are the jobs you promised us republicans: me after eating a well rounded breakfast student loan collectors switching numbers trying to trick me into answering their calls i've never actually seen pulp fiction but i've pieced it together from college dorm room posters me, tweeting: the tide pod meme is yet another reflection of gen z/millennial hopelessness and our ambivalence towa Better Parenting Skills Ruining The Future of Comedy one gotta go delete one music streaming apps should let you block songs and artists has drake killed drake's music is really on some mob shit now if he leaves you a voicemail at 3am now it doesn't mean he wants to ge my uber smells like nut rag frito casserole millennial culture is spending money you don't have thinking you deserve it plus your paycheck is coming next frida where r the good black/latinx barbershops in los angeles if you're not black, work on solving anti-blackness in your community before you start commenting on the homophobi me: *logs onto facebook* person from high school: white men at the cookout after memorizing hip hop trivia intelligent culture is eating oatmeal raisin cookies Are you ready for your taste lessons? Chocolate chip quivered. Gingerbread fainted. Macadamia nut shivered. S democrats can get they ass beat too 2020 what he says: are you a virgin what he means: have you seen the amy winehouse documentary johnny would you love me if my dick were bigger is the most slept on book i've ever read WHY did no one suggest this to me earlier white people's MLK: where_is_the_love_black_eyed_peas.mp3 black people's MLK: knuck_if_you_buck_crime_mob.mp3 lmao yall still meal prep?? LMFAO catch up. i wrap a half eaten cookie in kleenex and keep it in my pocket for later one hot sauce gotta go i'm gunna rewatch san junipero me and my remaining male idols thank you to everybody in philly who came out to the show last night!! y'all were amazing. such a slept on city. one gotta go i'll have you know that i come from a shithole planet we never had all the money in the world but we weren't rich folks either. upper middle class. but our struggles *sticks tongue out in selfie* me: i used to feel like i actually lived in america but now i'm just chilling on a gigantic rock ran by some people i do not fuck with agent: thoughts about this role? straight actor who wants an oscar: eh agent: it's sad and gay straight actor who w PHILLY the first two shows sold out so we're adding a THIRD and FINAL SHOW AT 1OPM!! get tix at: put and on the xxl freshman list learn when it's time 2 move on. look at the dinosaurs. they were popping so hard like 1,000 years ago but then they loving the funky freshness of how UltraWoke celebs used the bodies of activists as accessories in a very get out fa when oprah is stealing your attention greta really flexed on every single 2000s male mumblecore filmmaker with ladybird im really starting to think that when liberals talk about the resistance they're actually just referring to cold your mom on the second house phone eavesdropping on you talking about 7th grade drama a bitch might invest in some cryptocurrencies dark brain: indica or sativa glowing brain: mid or gas galaxy brain: is that from a black owned dispensary or is it kush dahlia is a trans woman in an abusive living situation who's on the brink of experiencing homelessness. rt/donate t the cat from sabrina the teenage witch was my first queer role model of color christopher columbus me: i want to die tr*mp: we will win the war. our nukes are girthy. north korea doesn't even have a penis shaped te shouts out to all the depressed people who made it through 2017 we did THAT obama said broken clocks was one of his fav songs of 2017 and i can't stop picturing him singing running back to the strip club do NOT DRINK AND DRIVE! i'm gay so i personally can't drive but please don't do it me taking the tape off my webcam to talk to the nsa icymi: at some point in 2017 the primary tweet stealers shifted from common white girl or dory to 70 different accounts wi *turns macbook toward tv screen so jeff at the fbi headquarters can watch black mirror with me* one degrassi character has to go degrassi really had me going into high school ready to get pregnant and stabbed one dairy alternative gotta go describe ur 2017 w four pictures from your camera roll ~~PHILLY~~ i'm headlining a show at good good comedy theater january 13th. tix below but foreal, we leaving sex negativity in 2017. heaux if you want to. be celibate if you want to. be kinky if you wa we leaving lungs behind in 2018. we ain't cuffing no more bum ass land dwellers y'all we growing gills marrying int i made a festive holiday playlist :) me: local: a relationship is like a ship. you have to build it. which means you're building and growing together: l if a nickname is what people call you for short then your full name is your nicholas name brothers eating vegan food me watching another documentary about how the world is fucked up how dare oscar isaac look like that this nice man just stopped to tell me he liked my shoes and then yelled Sue Woo! i think he lost his friemd s here's a pic of me as an queer youth now if half of yall donated at least $1 to queer youth experiencing homelessn time: a queer icon ted cruz: *slurping queso through a straw* assistant? assistant: yes ted cruz: make me one of those maymays about n 2027: hey RESISTBOT, just following up on the text i sent about repealing the $999.99/week breathing bill. i was a net neutrality has gotta stay i cannot go back to books i forgot how to read wow. thank every single last one of you i just came out to my parents on national tv lmao hey everyone i'm doing stand up on tn. this is a literal dream come true. check it out!! the moral of the story has always been pay, elect, and listen to black women keaton's mom skrting off with 50k worth of faded glory net neutrality: *dies* me talking to my best friend through a tin can with a wire in the back: hey lol wyd have a holly jolly *distortion* N E T N E U T R A L I T Y it's the best time *me extremely close to the liberal arts major: Text RESIST to 50409 to tell your representatives or Senators what you think about net neutrali when i fav something about net neutrality and my browser takes more than .05 seconds to load how do these people go so long not getting their asses beat ur mcm hates taxes cus he thinks one day he too will be rich and wants to take a stab at oppressing the poor like a yeah sex is cool but have you ever fantasized about an infrastructure renewal program funded by the taxes of billionaires liberal arts major: stem major: ugh im so JEALOUS of u like i WISH i could just read clifford the big red dog and m a24: hi me: trump: it be ya own nazis when a chipotle employee catches me putting sprite in my water cup me @ my unhealthy thought/behavior patterns after consistent therapy poc: *breathe* watching she's gotta have it and the candles on nola darlings headboard make me so nervous like those are 100% fall me: capitalism is harmful some guy: um. *hits vape pen* methinks this tweet was sent from an iPHONE. xD . ur me: black man over 50: it starts in the home mall santa: what do you want for christmas little boy me: real friends for malia obama me n still got food at our place who wants a plate me making fun of locals while secretly resenting their ability to find contentment in a simplistic lifestyle one pie gotta go let's change Black Friday to Capitalism Day and Thanksgiving to Capitalism Eve where you spend the night carb load any apple product two minutes after the next model is announced idc if i gotta sandblast and zamboni my cheeks i'm getting k-pop star skin in 2018 where the inclusive diy spaces in la @ another good ol american song about taking a full leg up your ass everyone On Here is really about mental health awareness until it comes to drug use put in the moma when everyone's roasting in love & jest until someone accidentally hits your deepest insecurity and instead of joki i'm on this list w some v cool & talented friends! when you move cities and you're still sad nobody asked but today i'm mad mario never tells yoshi thank you my roommate's go fund me for her $1500+ wrestling school tuition only had $20 until hannibal burress came across it there's nothing punk or edgy about white supremacy when almost every street & building in this country is named after the same 12 white guys *reads news* me: only listening to 80s synth pop holiday songs this year no other vibes allowed almond milk to cow milk: pray for chicago. nothing happened it's just about to be winter us: better gun control gov: this is a mental health issue us: better mental health care gov: us: ? *two mass sho i looked in the mirror yesterday and there was a barely alive bee trapped in one of my curls i'm done w this carefree black boy shit then make her work 60 hours a week for a bag of skittles meant to feed a family of four to teach her about capitali i was named a comic to watch! cetaphil gentle cleanser x2/day 0.04% tretinoin gel (prescription) @ night ultrahydrating cetaphil lotion x2/d weekend wishes n kisses to everyone else out there with a big ass head don't let the small skulled haters or tight one gotta go *checks bank account* *adjusts tinder age range to 55+* if i don't tweet as much it's because i'm writing for this show the racists & anti-lgbtq people i went to high school w are making a child/yr and i'm making people uncomfortable batman: to the bat mobile madea: hold on *farts* ok leggo *trips* WHOOPS *rolls around on ground* i tripped on my t what kind of digital laugher are u how could you crush on someone who lives across the country they're like 1000 miles away me: notice what kind of lab who would win waiter: so are we all ready to order? them: ya ill get the american burger waiter: and what are you having? me: idk how to drive but i might learn just so i can force my music taste on people at 50 miles per hour this episode has cost me so much money if a man jumps on the counter at wendy's and screams but no one is around to record it does it make an instagram comedian one gotta go me: they didn't respond because they're busy don't jump to any conclusions my brain: every morning i wait for ashton kutcher to pop out of a white van in a trucker hat and save us from this reality me watching someone throw away a plate of chicken wings with meat still on the bones: me listening to old emo and pop punk and realizing every song is glorifying a toxic relationship what's that one tame impala song that goes here comes the sun (doo doo do doo) drake was 23 when he said i ain't santa i got something for these bad bitches too *gets birthchart read once* black mirror episode where you're sent pictures of random strangers faces the exact moment they swiped you left yall twitter trolls\\ you should k*ll y**rs**f tweets are truly weak as hell. disgusting. pathetic. shameful. one gotta go me: girl in college library w/ messy blonde highlighted bun wearing h.s. varsity vball team t-shirt texting long di im about to SNAP chat my nudes white man: i'm gunna kill ppl & cause terror media: local artisanal gunslinger provides a wild bout of nondelight american media normalizes white male shooters because nothing is more normal and american than white male violence xoxo gossip girl millennial dating u: hey wyd wednesday them: working to survive. wyd saturday u: being tired from working to survive then laundry them: nice millennial romance is being in a love/hate relationship w the apocalypse me watching others effortlessly connect and trust from my lair of trauma *tucks white t-shirt into dark wash jeans. puts on black converse. cuffs sleeves and pants* i'm ready me listening to azealia banks bryson tiller parody accounts are shook one gotta go fuck trump fuck nationalism fuck nazis fuck the police fuck the prison industrial complex fuck capitalism fuck clas am i more than you bargained for, yeah? I've been dying to tell you everything, you wanna hear, cus that's. just. w I GOT THE SUIT! i appreciate this so much, please consider donating to hurricane relief for Puerto Rico me tweeting with 280 characters: trump sucks -- j. BaBie. usedd ta give a d*mn but i NEVA gave a FUCK me in the middle of a traumatic experience: nothing but respect for my national anthem flag: *blows in the wind* me: do u wanna fight bitch bros: *talk sports* me, thinking about how the nfl really treats black bodies with the same spirit of disregard and blacks should be grateful what has white america truly done for black people except repeal injustices they invented in the first place remember when the president was just neoliberal instead of a sentient bathroom stall swastika with the personality of a yeast infection kinda sad i finished college w/o studying abroad. as a kid I always dreamt of replacing my personality with a list of things i did in europe people are dying october mood board nothing makes you realize how much time you actually spend on twitter faster than employment one gotta go go the fuck off, frida he called it #noko like it's a small about-to-be-gentrified neighborhood in upper manhattan instead of home to 25.3 toys r us doesnt need to close. rebrand to toys as fuck & market to millennials so we can eat plastic avocado t i used to get so mad waiting 2 hours for my parents to say goodbye at their friend's house but my 20s have taught me it really be like that men, if she aint big spooning you while you're crying about your fantasy league she's not the one my first dance is going to be knuck if you buck and the first person to buck without knucking has to pay for the ho one gotta go me: i barely know basic math me listening to vampire weekend drinking coffee: i have a ph.d in cardigans i love a two for one sale 1950s: by the 21st century we'll have flying cars 2017: you ever read a tweet and know it's shouted in a bathroom mirror every morning i really hope the world doesn't end because all i want is to grow old enough to say what yall kids know about vine you, a car: vroom me, an person who uses twitter a lot: skddrAh. pa pa pa ca CA skidibi pak PAK boom boom and a du du ddun BOOM wHy DoN't ThEy JuSt ApPlY fOr CiTiZeNsHiP you get frustrated when amazon forgets your debit card info shut the whole fucking fuck up no one is an alien. borders are fake. nationalism is wack. fellas. you should always sit down to rest and check your phone while peeing. you work hard king. take a break. real men squat to tinkle me linking up w friends after the rapture american capitalism trying to eliminate the same exploited groups it needs to survive is some next level self sabotage even i'm shook by every time a non-black person says nigga another hole is torn in the ozone layer unhand the crayolas, sheryl. this year hayden's using rose art pay your workers a livable wage me explaining to apple care what's wrong with my 6 after the 8 comes out when i see christopher columbus in hell it's on sight remember when we couldn't wait for 2016 to be over cus our favorite celebs kept dying while 2017 has just been mostly nazis college freshman in ikea: hi where are the empty liquor bottles for putting on top of your kitchen cupboards I JUST GOT MY FIRST TV WRITING JOB MAJOR IN WHATEVER THE FUCK YOU WANT DONT LET ANYONE TELL YOU SHIT *gets bottomless alcohol* me @ me: okay so to get your money's worth you have to almost die sza lost best new artist? i was not aware there were other albums released this year can't believe people paid money to watch people FIGHT. excuse me? LOVE WINS. we should be watching them FUCK one gotta go no offense but my mom's first day of school teacher fit went hard as hell there's a clip of me doing stand up in this write up by the super talented for me: i should clean depression: put clothes on ur bed so you HAVE to deal w it l8r me, l8r: im tired depression: j throw it on the floor lmao one gotta go taylor is about to drop the white neoliberal feminist equivalent of to pimp a butterfly one gotta go me accidentally sipping tea that involves someone i care about how's fiona supposed to eclipse the sun when she's a star me: the eclipse: i'm mixed Eclipse (2017) the moon blocking out the sun is queer representation one gotta go somebody pour some salt on steve bannon quick before he moves to his next shell you: love is blind me, an intellectual: looking directly into the sun during a solar eclipse can raise your intelligence by 30 points but it only works for white supremacists statues are history. you can't erase history aight bradley then stop erasing your browser history let your mom see you watch hentai my president is whack my student loans due replace every confederate monument with a statue of steve irwin drake fell off the charts. rihanna snatched a billionaire. serena got married to a billionaire. take care 2 i steve bannon looks like the confederate statue they torn down was his second to last horcrux the further right you fall on the political spectrum the more your mouth looks like a fresh wound what are the least anti-black, least anti-lbgtq countries with good wifi me, bleeding out from a gunshot wound: help white liberal: help has arrived! :) *leans into bullet hole, whispers* love wins if y'all ain't lacing your racist uncle's ranch mashed potatoes with arsenic at thanksgiving this year i swear to god its time to keep ur tinder radius &lt;1 mile. when the apocalypse comes u can't be on trains/cars u need fuckbuddies a hop skip & a limp away lil black man flamethrowing a confederate flag wielding nazi 42 year old white men: *burns tiki torches shouting heil trump* fox: this isn't a riot it's just goofy kids killing time on their gap year reply to this tweet with who you're saving in the race war these new klansmen can't even afford sheets lmao broke bois whoever hacked mike pence's website is our next poet laureate i barely went to class and they still expect me to pay student loans lick it good. suck this pussy just like you should. my neck. my back. my pussy & my crack. one gotta go fros are back. everyone's obsessed with flowers. popular music is psychedelic/funk influenced. nuclear war is imminent. it's the 70s me pretending to have 5 years experience at an entry level interview as international threats rise please pray that no one goes after our most beloved american institution, student loan collection agencies got twitter: still can't believe cersesaysay killed vesuvius with the dunkirk blade at the wedding reception for dilapadatia's dragon girl on the left just posted a photo of an egyptian pharaoh crying at two men holding hands lil uzi every verse: yourgirlshesuckmesonice, yea inherlikeleaninmysprite, whoa diamondsdeylooklikenightlight, yea tuckintheglockiegoodnight been known herbie fully loaded was republican my roomie destiny is training to be a wrestler after yrs of not seeing herself represented GIVE TO THIS TRAILBLAZER just so white people know YES i went to college for free WITH a pre-loaded 10K meal plan AND a personal librarian/masseuse u broke hoes lmao me going to the gym after a breakup facebook is the florida of memes scaramucci got divorced, had a son, got and lost a job in 10 days while its halfway thru summer & i still haven't finished season 6 of veep if y'all been dating/fucking and they suddenly break off contact you weren't ghosted you were scaramooched scaramucci's wife at the divorce proceedings one gotta go honestly? reboot wonder showzen *drinks cold brew* me: we're brothers we're happy and we're singing and we're colored republican: hi me: we all have that one friend who strips you of basic human rights the only thing trump could do to surprise me at this point is die good morning to everyone except the gop all yall can slow choke on your vanilla ensure me walking up to the taco truck by duane reade on bedford fear factor: bodega STOP showing me restaurants that make cotton candy meatloaf and START showing me restaurants that have clean bathrooms i can pee in for free when sza said they talk about the failure of socialism but where is the success of capitalism in africa, asia and latin america i felt tht me: *sends flirty sarcastic text* me .000034 seconds later: hahahaha jk. as in just kidding lol. as in that was a joke rofl last night i saw girls trip and a theater full of black women sang me happy birthday (stevie wonder version) 23 is gunna be a good year one gotta go i'll save you the click it's knuck if you buck by crime mob patti is an american treasure hey everyone, my best friend is looking for roommates in NYC. she has a $ tech job $ and makes dank ass jo why was this haircut the cover of every chillwave album in 2010 asap rocky every verse: pretty lil fella rocking real fur margiela pull up w beretta n i'm smilin counting chedda yo girl dry mine is wetta gentrified neighborhoods are about to turn into food deserts where the only nourishment is coffee or diabetes hey ya is the best song of all time go head and @ me but you're embarrassing yourself shouts out to everyone who woke up today we're glad you're here i hydrate and eat organic so i can be healthy and look good at 80 when i'm in the retirement home slappedt off the xans, percs, viags, etc LMAo yall still play 2k with your boys?? it's the 21st century we playing house and we both the mommies if your barber does a good job, tell him! fym!? give him a good tip & squeeze on his biceps w/ his consent, let him know he getting swole yall still giving your boys dap hugs in two thousand seventeen ? lmao we tongue kiss hello and forehead kiss goodbye catch up friends with benefits except i get to play with your dog and you don't talk to or look at me one gotta go ur mcm doesn't understand your love language even though you've explained it to him multiple times and fully understand his. he's 25 whitest* Smart House (Disney, 1999) me: verified twitter: lol i bet trump and putin KISS each other and sometimes HOLD HANDS in a very very GAY way tonight 6:30pm i'm performing at ucb chelsea on the ethereal show~~ . on the tl thanks &lt;3 kink: not actually scratching the mosquito bite but sort of indenting on it with my nail 12 yr old wearing an invader zim t-shirt over a striped gray/black long sleeve w thumb holes cut out writing in a n roses are red the future is bleak he bread too big for he goddamn beak welp never seen game of thrones and it's back so i won't be partaking in small talk for a few months my room is so hot im i'm lying in the middle of three fans singing the charmed theme song tryna conjure an air conditioner me: *logs on* brand: you're finna gunna FLEEK your lit mind and call nae-nae and daquan about these niggatastic deals since you like using aave so much next black history month give free pancakes to black senior citizens, the real OGs 2007 was ten years ago black celebrity: *doesnt hate themselves* whypipo: i can't believe we celebrate these narcissists. what has sosiety come too just finished the first season of netflix soundcloud severance package jim halpert, sweetie, i'm so sorry that an ugly ass bitch like this would even say that, oh my god kids these days listening to TRASH. xxxplaystation. little uzi fert. nobody remembers the hits... howdy. i'm the police sherif. i'm gunna harass black ppl TOONTOWN WAS ONE OF THE GREATEST ANTICAPITALIST ART PIECES OF THE 21ST CENTURY i'm happy for tyler but if it comes out that frank was singing about him on bad religion it's on sight paying back student loans - hard - not fun - impossible waiting for the apocalypse - easy - fun memes along the way - increasingly likely lol climate change is happening so quick i might never have to pay my loans back. ima be drowning in glacier water dying laughing lmao how did this picture just tell me to drink more water diplo is quivering so take off all your clothes hi ned's declassified postgrad survival guide. ned orders an avocado toast unaware it's $27. now he can't afford doctor co-pay. falls into coma good evening to everyone esp all my strawberryheads don't let the boring ass vanilla/chocolovers get u down pistach me in your media tab scrolling past endless reaction gifs tryna get to one un snapchat filtered selfie it's 2017 we don't snapchat that pussy we facetime that personality one gotta go what's the 2010 - 2020 chapter of the ap us history textbook gunna be called sea lions: save us from poaching me: i cant sea lions: were natural predators of sting rays me: ? sea lion: they them: get over urself. ur so far up ur own ass me: if you're hot but were raised rich it doesn't count it's halfway thru 2017. we eating fried plantains on pizza me editing my instagram bio freshman year of college after buying a disposable camera: Freshman. 18. Photographer. hi you're doing great sweetie don't let rob kardashian and blac china distract you from the fact that the chicken crossed the road to get to the other side AKA die support our troops stability and general sense of wellbeing? in this economy? try again next fiscal year sweatie some rude millennials on here are joking that lil uzi vert started america. WRONG. america was started by weezy f baby the f is for founder wait this woman next to me on the subway platform just farted so loud and we looked at each other and laughed i actually love america can't believe the bill made it past the house AND senate but yeah wow this picture is now the official american flag it's the fourth of july i'm ready to pop these firecrackers don't pop them on me where the police at (there go the me talking about myself: 00:02 me talking about how every national holiday is actually racist: 36:56:68 i'm sad that using fireworks to celebrate america terrifies dogs, the only pure thing about america summer beauty tip: eat all the greasy food you want then rub your fingers on your legs for effortless, moisturized kneecaps if you love something, set it free. if it comes back it's yours. if it doesn't... it never was 4th of july in chicago the real genius behind 4:44 & lemonade is solange. had she not thrown those blessedt hands jay & would've never publicly acknowledged this lemonade cool cool cool 4:44 dope dope dope now frank and/or rihanna need to drop polyamrous albums for the culture me after sending 2 emails this person got in the uber pool and said turn the ac off im cold like nah its hunned elemen degrees out you need a daily iron supplement obama scandal: negro president has dirt under his fingernails trump scandal: lord chancellor trump jokes about motorboating sacagawea again bossip's writing staff needs to be sedated if they dance like this they've been thru some things lil dude clean as hell uber driver: how you like la me: them: im a actor/singer/director me: no ur posed to ask how did u say that them: follow me on ig my biggest problem w academia is that at graduation ceremonies we don't read everyone's names to the petey pablo freak-a-leek instrumental i'll be in los angeles fondling public succulents until july 2nd what's popping asahd is gunna accept his lifetime achievement award via skype at his preschool graduation how do i get a credit card if i have no credit history or intergenerational wealth you already know what the fuck is going on yall still drinkin cow milk in 2017? LMAO only UDDER i fw is MY UDDER disillusionment with modern life on a macro & micro scale i'm a SLUT Safety nets for the poor are failing so young people feel like the pressure to succeed early is life or death L U T we out here killing your department stores and bringing back your libraries fuck w us once VR becomes widely accessible and neck beards can digitally elope w anime characters the alt right will disappear 2010: lol it's bone-eevair and i listened to him before the kanye feature 2017: lol i'm not a liberal and i liked socialism before bernie my friends offering to buy me food to get me out the house calling carbonated sugary beverages POP is using onomatopoeia to describe the noise opening a can of POP makes. creative geniuses only pop is unhealthy until it's mixed with alcohol then the two cancel each other out one gotta go 1950s: can you do the twist? 2010s: do u eat ass you bitches can't even spell pineapple my uber is here The Sun to Hold Seminars on How to Avoid Sunburn MY BESTIE BEAT CHANCE THE RAPPER FOR BEST POET IN CHICAGO *CRIES IN IAMBIC PENTAMETER* really not comfortable with the idea of media corporations profiting off ad revenue and click throughs on videos of black lynchings if i eat out i don't want it to taste like some shit i can make at home. make it fresh organic but also like sprinkle some crack in it idk lol u started engaging in anti-capitalist intersectional feminist crit in 2014? okay lmao i read radical queer theory thru my umbilical cord baby boomers: you're too sensitive millennials: okay bb: you should've never been born m: i agree bb: m: bb: do u wanna grab coffee sometime ur mcm wastes energy fixating on what he hates instead of investing in what he loves ur mcm doesn't know dinosaurs had feathers me before and after learning how the prison industrial complex and american policing as a whole is an extension of i'm doing this show with & tomorrow! where is childrens day. where is my thank you 4 thawing chicken. where is my praise 4 dislocating my shoulder reaching for the mote kentro stop expecting people to be thankful for their abusive parents taking care of their basic human needs when no one a happy fathers day it's fathers day and my dog hasn't called me the tl on mothers day vs the tl on fathers day not a dad, not yet a zaddy happy father's day to dads unafraid to choke up around their loved ones and the zaddies unafraid to choke their lovers happy fathers day remember to double check that you're texting dad not daddy beyonc snapped me the twins but i forgot to screenshot again sorry everyone jay-z: So many kids . It's hard to pick a favorite ! haa , Shout out The Twins ... Blue Ivy (that drawing of on the fridge nice) local twitter: pleace don't forse that gay stuff on me that is biologically wrong also local twitter: if she thick she ateteen years old gentleman in the streets, hunchback of notre dame's bowlegged cousin in the tagged photos legalize being black #PhilandoCastile yall don't understand how hard nyc avocados are this was attempted murder there's a global awakening of people on twitter realizing that brazilian television is an untapped goldmine of meme source material money is inherently evil but if you gave me a couple racks. no rih rih but a good girl might go bad old twitter vs new twitter playing more than two back to back songs off blond in a public space is emotionally violent ur mcm isn't perfect but he's trying reply to this tweet with ur favorite animal fact climate change is too real for us not to install solar panels in congress and harness the collective shine of old white politicians scalps the floor is replying to texts days, even weeks late with just now seeing this lightskinned black people we need to fall back and mind our pink nippled neapolitan dicked business for a lil where the fuck is me on facebook vs me on twitter every time i hear bad romance i break out in a cold sweat at the flashbacks of high school theater cast parties go see rough night you will 100% see me 90% nude one gotta go a subtweet: sorry not sorry but some people in my 6th period biology class are so fake me, twenty two years of age: is this about me diplomas should be airbrushed on tshirts & shot outta precision cannons at graduates. gowns should be unisex rompers. college should be free at what point in life do you stop getting deeply embarrassed by who you were a year ago me stopping myself from spending entire paychecks on ubers and food my uber driver just farted and locked the car windows i'm in saw 8 i flew to chicago and surprised for her graduation party RIP to the realest one to ever do it catch feelings ? never that LMAo only type of WAY i feel is ON MY WAY to the BANK begging them to reverse overdraft charges kanye interrupting taylor was the archduke ferdinand of modern race relations me in 2008 holding my phone up to the car radio to record a song and keep it on my phone: Shut up lollipop is on the world was supposed to end 6-6-06 and then again on 12-12-12 and then again on 12-21-12 im sick and tired of these broken promithes good morning to everyone especially people who feel like there's no future but still try ur mcm fidget spinner don't even got flames on it it's me i'm ur exoplanet i wish these weren't the facts but baby boomers KNEW gucci mane was icy and locked him up to accelerate polar melting millennials killed department stores baby boomers killed the polar bears but right right right my deepest apologies to jc penny Millennials Are Killing American Tradition of Having Polio friend: wanna go for an early morning jog in the park me: executive producer dick wolf sometimes i'll be having a great day until i remember hank hill probably voted for trump when you first start talking on the app vs when you meet irl kudos to rihanna for finding time in her busy schedule of being a cultural icon/ghost writing for tame impala to start the nba happy pride month to everyone except corporations that disenfranchise lgbtq ppl & exploit workers behind limited edition rainbow merchandise what's the word for a caucasian hotep yall ever think about the possibility of twitter dying because our kids wont wanna be on the same platform as their parents the global temp been rising for 17 consecutive years and people still out here acting like social media is the end of humanity trash vs art do you have any allergies this is my resume real unemployed hours who tryna give me a jo no means no so what if you got curved so what you might be ugly learn a skill develop a talent improve yourself and starbucks employee: hi someone off twitter: can i get a covfefe starbucks employee: someone off twitter: starbucks employee: melania: hello a nonwoke would say a selfie in a mirror sitting in a pile of trash is vain but i was actually recycling y'all consider this a date? what if rihanna actually is pregnant and its frank oceans child idc how *-~aesthetic~-* you are if you own a dog and haven't posted it on instagram i'm calling animal control that is neglect me corrupting the youth any thicc rihanna slander is immediate grounds for a block, report, and call to my shooters ur mcm doesn't even know one nelly furtado song interviewer: do you have any questions for us? me: yes *reading index card* do u love this shit r u high rn do u ever get nervous r u single always bring mangos to share on the first date. if they don't slurp the seed the head game is prolly trash do you suck the flesh off the mango seed how you gunna gentrify a post about gentrification queer icons i'm making a playlist for coping with cancelled booty rendezvous & dick appointments please reply w/ recommendations eliminate one huge congrats to everyone who got out of bed this morning & best of luck to those still trying we're all cheering for you at a gentle volume poc: *breaks plate in an ihop* news: Terrorist Starves Table of Six white person: *sinks california into the pacific* news: Dave Has Bad Day y'all look like you met when her rollerblade got caught in your bell bottoms at the disco summer 73 narrator: every year this creature sheds its winter coat to stay cool and find new mates *camera zooms in on me cutting pants into jorts* it is friday night. make a cheese platter. light a candle. rub ur own booty me getting hate tweets from white people vs me getting hate tweets from poc reply 2 this tweet w four pics in ur camera roll that best describe u trump really should've been impeached fiddyllevem days umpteen hours ago when the printing press first dropped there was for sure some dude like no one is talkin 2 each othr. jus readin books... makes u think about to do fall out boy karaoke at a bar w strong steve harvey double breasted suit vibes legends only me: white person masquerading as lightskinned under a bryson tiller hat & 3 layers of instagram filters: it's not offensive it means friend melania is about to slip some arsenic into donald's breakfast milkshake any day now ppl in uberpools rly complain like so ur picking up ANOTHER person? uh ya thats why the ride is 3.72 u privileged roach leave hupert alone y'all still dating homophobes in 2017 i'm on a show tonight w some of my favorite funny folx in the city you do not want to miss this!! perhaps it's time for black twitter to unionize it doth not matter remind me to get murdered with an up to date resume and cover letter hey just following up -unemployed millennial prover city natives: can we have better schools and another hospital gentrification: never got a b.a. but i'm still the goat stop playing and get you an artist if the sex doesnt blow your back out the floor mattress will friend: ugh i wanna thot this summer but i hate online dating me: me & my bro in the club bathroom too drunk to get our romphims back on a love story eliminate one white gentrifier: hi yes 9-1-1 they're making another chalk mural on my sidewalk for someone you killed last week could you make them stop me: can i have a chicken nugget them: sure my phone: you just received a venmo request for $0.62 if it weren't for the women & gender studies class i took freshman yr i'd most likely still politically identify as an episode of south park i'm assembling a playlist of the greatest caucasian bops please reply w recommendations good charlotte tried to bless us with the proletariat banger lifestyles of the rich & the famous but we wasn't ready for revolution us, weary: group facetime apple ft the cia: me, 70: WAIT my son, about to address the united states of second russia at his inauguration: *turns around* me: *zips his business romper* me: *slides leg in romper* toxic masculinity: *disappears* me: *slides other leg in romper* trump: *is impeached* my neopets are dead and were replaced by tweets about depression: a conspiracy thread straight men are rewarded for adopting the same feminine aesthetics queer men & trans women experience violence for xoxo gossip girl catch me at your summer cook out in a baby blue romper/timbs combo smashing ur fragile masculinity and a plate full of hot dogs summer 2k17 who are we to question frank ocean invented being a son the tl waiting waiting for new frank them: omg what does ur tattoo mean my tattoo: talm bout chief keef ain't no hitta chief keef ain't this chief keef what kind of mom do you have is it gay to have a biological father? you telling me you got another man's dna in your body? shit sound a little spicy 2 me idk no actually you're crying on the c train shouts out the old black women at church who had no children but used to give me candy and occasional money y'all my mothers too happy mother's day mask on fuck it mask off if you're posting bae tag them. if you were confident in the relationship you'd let us lurk i talked to the illustrious abt a few things wow. whole time republican politicians been fucking horses every time an angry baby boomer misspells millennial an angel gets its student loans forgiven me at the function watching people dry hump thinking about what ima eat when i get home *lil uzi voice* push me to the edge democracy is dead eliminate one real spring sadness hours who listening to youth lagoon me: abolish the police me seeing a reckless tweet: i'm calling the police a freedom fighter schools need to teach interpersonal and relationship skills we really just out here just traumatizing each other when u return to the caucasus mountains after making millions off appropriating black culture eliminate one me: *steps outside in new york* air: that'll be 7.99 plus tax $10 debit card minimum me @ me: just come up with a simple lie about why u can't go my lie: i got food poisoning at my grandma's euthanasia one gotta go rt if ur a poc (pineappleonpizzaeater of color) hey i'm performing here tonight and there's free pizza there'll never be a better president if you're the last one me: dude with perpetual crust in the corners of his mouth who wears basketball shorts under every pair of pants: hating is a full time unpaid internship when i say I'm a maxxinista? that means i fuck with tj maxx AND maxine waters. do not get it twisted. i see both sides like chanel they both falling off a cliff u can only save one who u saving fuck that's good it's dope that food at farmers markets are labeled organic but more importantly which farmers voted for trump i don't want racist aspargus in new york i milly rock hide it in my sock runnin from a opp & i shoot @ opp remember when fall out boy named a song g.i.n.a.s.f.s. (gay is not a synonym for shitty) and legalized gay marriage you miss 100% of the thots you don't text good morning send at least one risky text today i'm holistically turnt tf up rn me: i don't like capitalism guy who owns more than 3 argyle sweaters: what about your cellphone budderino wow i did their show last night & go follow they're creating radical spaces for marginalized voices both url & irl. v v v v dope the world is so fucked rn i'm going thru my 4th fall out boy phase a gathering of 6 or more men is known as a debris men are inherently trash. if it weren't for women, specifically black women, i'd be ashier, mustier, dumber, and still wearing rope belts remember that even on your worst days you'll never be uglier than capitalism send me reaction pics ik we been out here tweeting lol i wanna die but trump voters really took that shit to the next level for my summer bod i'm thinking of going republican and immediately dropping 10 pounds in empathy me: *buys aloe vera plant* i'll name you healthcare i'm calling the police on america soymilk, a visual interview by bradly pitt how about we just burn everything and start over republican: *hears dying screams of the poor* IT's OFFICIAL! 9021.0 gpa. got into 300 colleges and 4 prisons. harvard begged to lick my sweaty armpits. did i men yall really saving money living with your parents? LMAO city life is lit i just put a downpayment on a taco dinner got some guac in layaway if you take the chair next to the outlet & don't charge anything i will deadass sit on your lap to charge my laptop daddy needs his juice me: straight white guy wearing stewie griffin pajamas: sources? please check the date before you share articles. this was in july 2016 and since then sources have confirmed he doe a few of yall are out here enjoying the warm weather a little too much. some emo cards getting revokedt come fall child: a-b-c-d joe budden: YOU CALL THAT FLOW? IN 500 WORDS OR LESS EXPLAIN 3 EVENTS LEADING TO EAST COAST WEST CO roses are red cinderella had a carriage i said bye to a dog i was petting and the owner said bye have a nice day . ppl r rude as hell who raised u to butt into convos like that honestly when i cut off my life-long, 15 inch rat tail in 7th grade i came to school the next day doing the same sh is your socialism better because you got it from a 30k+ a year private institution instead of a free app this years met gala theme: rihanna bring me the mote control rihanna: *wears soiled phat farm dungarees with a wet toilet paper crop top and a hyperrealistic trump mask* me: yes me: hi kendrick: love backwards is evol. evol = evolution. evolve beyond pollution. no lean, no dilution. money or bitches? no solution even bisexual millennial: i can't afford to live past 30 some journalist: Millennials Don't Buy Drink Coasters. Here's Why It's Ruining The Drink Industry when u & ur queer/poc friends build community despite the confines of heteronormative whiteness on god i will have an identity crisis if trump likes pineapple on pizza firefighter: i'm sorry we couldn't save your dog ma'am. he was engulfed in flames at least 6ft tall her lightly touching her neck: how tall? ppl change so much. it's so fake... i haven't changed sinse the 7th grade. same town... same pizza lunchables in the microwave i am not from nor have i ever lived in illinois. i am from chicago me pissing off twitter trolls then deleting my responses so they get no clout i'm crossfaded off allergy meds and iced coffee trump is responding to nuclear fucking war the same way i respond to my friends trying to make brunch plans memes did to socialism what lil wayne did to 2008 drake eliminate one children: who took the cookie from the cookie jar!?!?!? me: i've been oppressed by the bourgeoisie once again I DELETED 56 PHOTOS AND THERE's NOT ENOUGH STORAGE TO TAKE 1 me during winter vs me when it starts getting warm out i'm performing at my first college today. i don't have a joke for this i'm just happy when u put someone onto new music and they act like they discovered it fall is the best season if summer is ur fav ur 12 i just drank an iced c*ffee and i swear to frickin gosh i'm gunna compliment like 12 ppl today me thinking about how modern gender roles were molded by 20th century advertising and how performance of gender wil anything remotely bad: *happens* me: capitalism when capitalism already has you dead on the inside rich white people trapped on an island on a blood thirsty hunt for a warm bed and a ripe avocado? tell e! to pick up #fyrefestival asap if you kiss with your eyes open please call the cops on yourself this is where you go if you die in a country club there is no reason for a taco to be more than $3 i'm surrounded by thousands of flowers and all i can smell are the spicy thighs under the heat lamps at the popeye's across the street feeling a deep connection to these plants rn kink: manners y'all still choking during sex? couldn't be me. if we engage in coitus i'm full strength swinging off you with my sock-em boppers in this house we listen to person with depression: i'm depressed neurotypical: i think we're all depressed hello pull up if u really bad cat caller: aye yo ma cat: meow if i gotta wear a fedora to my 8th grade dinner dance ima make it look sexy shea moisture is cancelledt but my curls are still thirsty what products do i use last week at bible study we had some hot discussions about kiss*ng and if it's okay to longboard on sundays. this week's dialogue is edm when ur ready to give ur all to someone but they're not accepting gifts at the moment la tinder: actor/producer/writer/director/dancer/musician/doctor/shoemaker/attempted murderer/improviser looking for cuddles and adventure political parties: out political kickbacks: in every year there's an americanized reggae/dancehall song like money ain't a ting brother mon! while jamaica is like we want reparations eliminate one black suburbanites love to shit on people in the hood until they need outfit inspiration or a false narrative for a college application ppl in la walk like their shoes are made of xanax jello and ppl in new york walk like a goblin is lighting their asshairs on fire i love dogs i shared my personal truth of why piccolo off dragon ball z was definitely black in this vice article view flying into nyc vs view flying into la them: pineapple on pizza? wtf r u smoking me: when u can't smoke that often anymore because it makes u anxious/paranoid but u still support ur friends smoking an vegan: meat eater: i'd let a cow shit in my mouth if i had to me doing basic mental math: good afternoon everyone except people who didn't own lion king on vhs i'm going to la (los angeles) for the first time this weekend what should i do one gotta go please be careful everyone. i lost a friend who smoked weed. he's fine he just got really into doing finger dances to edm with light gloves 420 4+2+0=6 how many letters in day= 3 3 x 6 = 666 Christ has warned us less smoke buddy more bible study less loud more cloud (heaven) me: kendrick is goat. no one's on his level rn playboi carti: in new york i milly rock me: one gotta go if i'm gunna eat pineapple pizza ima make it look sexy sandy cheeks from spongebob is black sign: smile! you're on camera :) me, about to steal anyway: . of what not to do? wow and have the hottest comedy takes in the game you can moisturize all you want. if you're racist you're going to age like greek yogurt on a hot sidewalk me: Fuck fEeLiNgS I Am A Svge *sings* didnT they tell u THAT i was sAvAgE?? loner lyfe all my friend how do u ketchup your fries me shooting my shots once the bomb sirens start going off me: hi liberal: good night everyone pls wish a happy birthday to my lil breauxs and they're not twins & they always had to share cakes let them have this wow. i was young and in my prime. me: hi person with blue eyes: well in certain light they're more cerulean but more often than not a deep turquoise tinged cyan today we celebrate jesus coming back from the dead to sign the constitution me listening to your coachella story about you doing molly w/someone from denver who spins hula hoops on their arms me & ur wig me: hi art major: i actually don't need a box spring i just sleep with my mattress directly on the floor if ur curious about my racial tweets it's cus tailor swiffer stans keep hopping in my dm's w stuff like this white person: slavery was 150 years ago get over it also white person: retrieve the 2nd cheese slice for my burger or i'm going to corporate one got 2 go i'm not ready to be an uncle them: so you can call me an extra mayo egg salad but if i call you a nigger it's racist me, sucking hot cheeto dust off all my fingers: yop say black lives matter you, a problematic: hey bro me, a woke: hey breaux if u were curious about my signs: sun: chase quickpay jaboukie there's a lot of kendrick verses on this new rihanna album damn. is fire but i feel so bad for kendrick with him having to drop his album so soon after cupcake's and all congress: death drop and we will impeach trump me: so what's up are we fight club or fear factor what kind of ugly ass comic sans font ur sex and cooking playlist should be the same. if you don't boil pasta & bite earlobes to the same music ur lasagna and head game are trash im spiritually 6\\2 good morning and positive vibes to everyone except people who still write in cursive when you have one thousand (1,000) deadlines coming up and just finished one (1) tweet i'm tired of yall posting your bath bombs we get it you can afford lush one gotta go how many retweets for to reboot meerkat manor obama definitely wasn't perfect but his flavorful personality really made the capitalist imperialism go down smoother your daily reminder that we are in a global climate crisis and it might be the right time to start carpooling to dick appointments mcdonalds: *forgets 3rd ketchup packet* suburban mom with a blonde highlighted shoulder length bob and bedazzled su me: why was 6 afraid of 7? them: idk why :) me: because 7 8 9 :) white male: me: *is guillotined in a whole foods* cnn: Man Beheaded In Grains Section Has Dark Past Of Illegally Downloading T-Pain Songs In 2007 cashier: one tall coffee. anything else? me: ya. now that u ask i guess i have been anxious lately. overanalyzing things, excessively mast uber driver just put on j cole looks the internet = black twitter i'm going to publicly, almost politely request that you not use my jokes for your clickbait do not let avocado toast and unoriginal instagram soft-core food porn fool you! avocado is not a wypipo ting!! when it's more than 60 degrees out new york city has this fun tradition of assigning a unique zoo animal to shit on every block in manhattan one gotta go when you boycott a product you couldn't afford anyway when you live vicariously thru your friend's hoeings tiny brain: adderol glowing brain: vyvanse expanding brain: meth universe brain: cold brew y'all mind if i jumpstart ww3 fuck with the vision future: *releases new music* pharmaceutical executives: one gotta go dudes really be on here with stale ramen juice fermenting in their beards calling women cheap hoes when i was 16 i called the police on this white girl who slapped me across the face in the orland mall food court & remember when beyonce chanted 9 to 5 just to stay alive on haunted and invoked the fall of late capitalism free weezy jail breezy what's going on here hermes link ice blue mink pineapple on my pizza like i do not know what pepperoni is women: hi male feminist: me walking past a shop window checking to make sure the fit go off roses are red roses are bushy i was seconds away from letting a hater affect me until i took a hot shower and moisturized myself neck down with raw shea butter you: colored people time me, an intellectual: the people of color space-time continuum the apocalypse: *begins* me: ppl saying shit about how trump is now presidential are admitting the fact that killing innocent civilians is quintessentially american historically most people married for social, monetary or political gain. marrying for love is a modern concept. get rise n shine when the nukes are falling and you remember all the risky texts you should've sent good night everyone especially people who are also navigating how to exist in a country with a legacy of genocide and global destruction on the bright side if trump reinstates the draft most of us are mentally unfit to serve just based off our tweets trump reinstates the draft wyd when you find a regular self care routine that gives you room to stabilize and decompress from work and the drama o i need a sugar daddy, a carb cousin, a fiber mom, a monounsaturated fat grandma, a polyunsaturated grandpa, a sodium sister, a calorie broth me: it's so cold them: zip up your jacket me: yall keep blaming kendall for the pepsi ad like she knows how to read one gotta go hey cud u buy me n my bros a few 4 lokos i left my fake in my other salmon colored cargo shorts everyday i wake up and drink caffeine until i have the blind confidence of a youtuber doing an acoustic beyonce cov don't try to give me advice if you don't own any turtlenecks The Lion King (2017) when u sip the woke juice the kendall kommercial is a white feminist masterpiece official decree: kendall the first kardashian to go when we eat the rich me achieving a major milestone: cool me finding five dollars in my pocket: one gotta go this obsession with pure pizza and stigmatizing exotic toppings is merely another symptom of america's recent foray into fascism SLAY THESE HEAUXS DIGIORNO i finished big little lies and i now identify as rocky seafoam [EXTREME BIG LITTLE LIES SPOILER ALERT] ZOE KRAVITZ WAS LISTENING TO SADE AND REESE WITHERSPOON ASKED IF IT WAS ADELE LMAo straight twitter: i eat pussy w a steak knife queer twitter: i like frank ocean straight twitter: Pleace. Keep This Away From My Children always happy to facilitate important dialogues involving the emo/scene diaspora good evening no one except brendon urie ay idk where yall are at with time machines but panic at the disco just retweeted me and my 10 year old self needs to know right now I MOTHER FUCKING SCREAM in 3rd grade i was showing ppl my double jointed index fingers and my teacher reported me to the principal for throwing up gang signs just me all is life guess what my lood type is type that stand for aller marvin's room 3:16 at the end of the day we all just want that special someone to get carried away and accidentally end up at 3rd base in a wendys with perks of set, molly, perks of set simba and nala are siblings date: something that makes you unique? me: Bring Jerking (The Dance) Back Summer 2k17 when you're in any suburb hope ur all enjoying this time of year known in chicago as fake spring documents user (you) selfies beautiful pictures not enough disk space squidward probably started working at the krusty krab thinking he was paying some student loans before getting a seat at the local orchestra when you see someone wasting food and you wanna say something but can't expose yourself as lower class sometimes i worry kids these days aren't having enough emo phases we urgently need to update modern school curricula to reflect the fact that panic at the disco's first album is just bangers start to finish one gotta go jesus stole dramatic mid-meal announcements from the gays. matthew 26:21 the weeknd & lil uzi holding my healthcare plan dj: any requests me: this is the best commercial of all time don draper whom? intersectionality is important cus we experience all our identities at once until we put on a fedora then we r just someone wearing a fedora i love dogs them: omg i haven't seen u in forever! how you been :) me: them: trump is getting impeached me: foreal them: april fools me: america is a land of equality and justice this dude bursts in wearing a fedora & carrying a weird ass box says to me i fucking hate EVERYONE i say yo same me calling the national guard after someone doesn't let me pet their dog when your friends are arguing and you step in as a third party mediator instead of choosing sides kendrick every verse: yummy tummy girl ya bootyful like when the moon is full i spiritual lyrical so dutiful frootytooty ethereal cereal low key high key cupcake woker than kendrick you know what i'm about to say it i don't care that xxxtomi-lahren got out of jail younger generations won't even know this dude this real hip hop y'all go so out of your way bash pineapple on pizza. ik yall not consuming ur daily fruits & veggies & ur juices tasting like battery acid when they bash pineapple pizza on the tl but u got the address to they grandmama house this man is what? british the british are known for what? the atlantic slave trade please do not listen to colon when capitalism falls and you're no longer separated from the fruits of your labor best nut tried jokingly defending us but men under 6ft act like we suffer the same policing and violence women do for their bodies so nvm kill us all when u realize all my friends are dead is lil uzi saying after all his failed relationships his only friends r de you better sleigh bitch yall: every body type is beautiful. yall, seeing a man under 6ft: ay come get your mans all these bitches is my sons this hasn't even dropped yet and i've already been shot this is a maxine waters stan account when life gives you lemons but you can't afford water or sugar so you internalize the lemons until the lemons becom can i steal you for a second? ancient white parable if caucasian jesus was real would have a guest role in big little lies what show am i watching while eating this rt if you're a pocwlcb (person of color who likes charcuterie boards) this show: free this line up: iconic your wig: snatched when my tweet making fun of trump blows up but my parents have been legal citizens for two decades me: tell me a bedtime story maxine waters: this one is called bernie sanders uses legalized marijuana tax revenue for reparations me: :) when you text your friend the location of the dick appointment just in case first mistake lil uzi made on the new XO TOUR Llif3 cut was not renaming it xD RAWR Llif3 them: you think you're above everyone me, in a tree: i remember when i lived from a place of hurt and bitterness #brokeandboujeetwitter hey brooklyn i'm doing a show @ legion bar 8pm the line up is dope come thru & i'll give you 3 sincere compliments me: is extra cheese free chipotle employee: yes me: can i get extra cheese chipotle employee: yes me, turning to ca *extremely destiny's child voice* can u pass a bill, like literally one bill when you're drinking sparkling apple cider and it's really good hi i'm taylor swift and this is mtv cribs thread as fuck maybe millennials aren't sensitive and we actually just consume so much media that the format of *phobic/racist/sexist jokes is boring chase your dreams. charles darwin discovered evolution on galapagos island while following his passion of watching turtles fuck me understanding its ok to feel sad sometimes & giving myself the space to experience emotions in their fullness in snacks are a human motherfucking right some ppl like pineapple on pizza. some don't. r u paying for my pizza? y are u concerned?? you know what im about to say it the meryl streep memes are not dank you: *uses knife and fork* me, an aristocrat: retail interviewer: so what do you like to do outside of work? we want to know exactly what dreams and passions we'll be keeping you from Single? Maybe You're Not Asking This Important Question yt person: fine then what is reverse racism me: xelpmoc lairtsudni nosirp eht i usually dont get too vulnerable on here but i'm really scared bellbottoms might make a comeback this summer whomst not gang bitch let me find out i'm giving a drunk powerpoint on the evolution of memes this wednesday come watch all my dreams come true at once me doing the bare minimum without even a thank you how im tryna be it's 2017 and people are sitting next to the outlet not charging anything. not even an android. we still have so far to go as a society i'm screaming and also crying THE LAND BEFORE TIME IS NOT A CHILDRENS MOVIE. LITTLEFOOTS PARENTS DIEDT IN FRONT OF HIS EYES AND NO ONE HELPS HIM drake when a woman doesn't stay exactly the same as when he ghosted her 2 years ago me: drake is honestly overrated lol *experiences mild success* me: somewhere between PSYCHOTIC and ICONIC. big mon tings soon come TRUSS drake loves to end an album with a dam im busy on an airplane & can't trust my girl but like ay lmao which girl? still lonely tho track me holding myself accountable for listening to artists w terrible politics drake's creative process me: im fucken sick of drake! he peaked at take care & his new shit is devoid of actual substance *0:01 of more life* me @ me: just because you didn't get a reply right away doesn't mean u gotta blow their shit up also me: pineapple on pizza symbolizes the freedom of choice and expression that is withheld from so many americans. open steal the aux and put on nylon mag performance rn if you wanna look cool in front of ur friends i'm taking the case off my iphone i have nothing to lose anymore another legend gone rip THIS IS THE DRAKE COVER OF JERK CHICKEN professor: surviving the atlantic slave trade was one of the most grueling tasks in human history student athlete stem major: u sure? snapchat: when i see you i'm tearing off your clothes & choking you with a popeyes biscuit then hitting your ankle my grandfather was half irish and this st patricks day i'm flexing that 12.5% lineage on all yall non-luck having ass muggles this is the whitest sentence i've ever read 9pm: just gunna scroll thru twitter for a few minutes until i get a lil sleepier :) 3am: remember that song latch by disclosure tr*mp cutting meals on wheels is peak villainous white billionaire in a BET movie me cross referencing texts and tweets to determine if its a subtweet my soul will roam this haunted earth until i can look at a song and see fall out boy ft kanye them: just say how you feel. stop skating around the issue me: me: band student: we've all had sex finding a lot of closure in this twitter-wide drag of student athletes therapist: let's do intros dave: i'm dave. served in iraq two tho student athlete: #2? never. # pain is weakness leavingthe body s(cum) *uses silk wrap once* me pulling up irl just as cute as my nudes student loans, the gig economy, neonazis, trump, sexism, white supremacy, homophobia, transphobia, fake news, tech also know that these rates fall disproportionately on black lgbtq children Get Out: The Prequel (2018) Dir. Jordan Peele me: hey what's up student athlete: nothing much drag me to hell millennials are narcissists nigga i cannot afford an house, an car, an family, or 2-ply all i got is me myself and my front facing camera *family and friends quietly sob. a gentle rain picks up. pallbearers lower my casket into the grave* me: [muffled] wait where's my phone i just want to live long enough to see the first president with leaked nudes who's better? pineapple pizza 100% the beatles 0% 56,445,378 votes 2 hours left me lying awake at night scared white people are going to discover ackee so excited for this jamaican la la land remake had a hairless cat rental service cancel on me last minute and now my villain aesthetic is tragically incomplete time is a construct. there are two real ages like 12 or daddy that's it a little slice of my vision for my spring collection soon to be on big cartel don't sleep you might miss them: damn chill i just took one fry it's not that deep me: we accept the love we think we deserve queen of smiling at the trevi fountain hobbies include: finding a new song and listening to it until i am physically nauseous you: open a savings account me, an intellectual: invest in natural skin care regimens queen of enjoying a beautiful evening with family in italy drake: say da-da drake's child: trus daddi but first me haffi big up mi madda tiddybress ting dem fi di good nyam anyway wah gwan mi fadda sasha & malia out scuba diving and you look up from your erotic novel, lower your perscription sunglasses, and see barron: can we go to mcdonalds melania: hello barron: me: yes. it will be hard but i'm taking a long hiatus from all social media *goes to bathroom for three minutes* pineapple vs plain, remy vs nicki, truth vs trump, whatever. whats important is that we all come together & realize drake peaked w take care get out (2017) dir. jordan peele white friend: they just made one comment let's not jump to any conclusions about racism me: vic mensa who i saw the most talented subway performer just now. he was so bashful but really did a great job. he did a pole rout me: if they don't respond that's their problem. i won't bend over backward for their attention them: hi me: lmao when ol girl searched top ncaa picks this lady in the theater screamed bitch you ain't THAT cute i need this nude gloss my ethnicity is the carbonated fizzle of a freshly opened san pellegrino friend: do u have plans tonight me: *turns up beach house* lol honestly *lights lavender glade candle* yes who is the person that lets famous old white people know they've been used as a punchline in a rap song me entering spaces that people w my identity were once excluded from ya'll: short (under 66) dudes? i want a man so tall . there is a high likelihood of him experiencing heart problems & early death dudes really out here under 510?? i'm 814 so i can't relate but damn you john 316 dudes must have it rough one gotta go me opening up artists stop saying ur aspiring don't wait for someone's money to validate your craft! u might be a shit artist but u still an artist!! i walk a lonely road the only road that i have ever known don't know where it goes but it's only me and i walk alo no offense but i want a job that pays well enough 4 me to live in a major metropolitan area & utilizes my skills & is spiritually fulfilling no offense but you deserve to be around people who challenge you to be your best self *future voice* benadryl, zyrtec, benadryl benadryl, zyrtec, benadryl robber: first person to make a peep gets killed me: keep carefree im a careful black boy. i have various winter coats. i look all ways before crossing the street. i generally avoid dairy you: can i go to the bathroom me, an intellectual: mayest i trollop to the shit closet you: i'm going to whole foods me, an intellectual: i'm finna go to the sto i am not talking about them delete this roses are red what in tarnation some of yall tweet reckless abt white people but be careful. we're gunna have to show id passport and proof of white friends to vote in 2020 i really like what you've done to me i can't even explain it pineapple goes on pizza happy international women's day to everyone except kellyanne conway, betsy devos & omarosa i'm not that woke sorry rap is going emo and i'm so excited to have more excuses to cry in the club if your politics aren't intersectional it's just narcissism lil uzi: she said baby i am not afraid to. die. push me to the edge. all my friends are dead. me: person: hey do you wanna- me: as i told you from the beginning i don't have money. i have bills to pay. but that meant nothing to you good morning everyone except people who don't incorporate the timeless hoodie/denim jacket look in their wardrobes one gotta go which is the most hotep way to spell africa i went to college w ashton sanders aka teenage chiron. i saw him at a party once wearing some cool pants six years later and fleet foxes is still out here making me feel like i just beseeched the spice merchants daughter at the market EVERY CAPABLE U.S. CITIZEN SHOULD HAVE TO WORK IN FOOD OR RETAIL AT LEAST ONCE JUST TO EMPATHIZE W PEOPLE WHO WORK when we were kids used to chew literally 5 pieces of gum at a time and now his jaw looks like this i #resist in my white t disenfranchised boyz when you're tryna convert the current political hellscape into funny content but shit is getting next level lmao L: pineapple M: goes A: on O: pizza the middle class is done lmaoo also if i'm choosing between health care & my iphone I'm dying lmaao apocalypse 2k17 wassup lol damn so what's poppin we all moving to south denmark or what two alt right dudes trying figure out how to ethnically cleanse america while still fetishizing asian women exes didn't waste your time if they grew you emotionally or enriched your life or bought you a mint copy of animal crossing for gamecube smh you can't even afford to die anymore celeb: *posts selfie* stan: gut me with a rusty spoon and lay my entrails out on your patio this is the liberal future wants this is the future nihilists want spring allergies/avatar the last airbender make up tutorial coming soon lol common white girl blocked me after i tweeted this article and them interviewer: why did you use fear and hatred to rise to power? why? why ruin lives? trump: you never shoulda called me a fat ass kelly price respond to dory's tweet with -- ( &lt;-- this link and i'll follow u posting get out spoilers before two more paycheck cycles is both anti-black and classist me tweeting when there's texts i still haven't replied to you always wear that shirt you always watch my outfits Ross Dolezal that's it, this *eats out twice in one day* time around i'm sav*amazon*ing money *uber* and curbing *wine* my spe*ubers again*nding take that chili pepper out your name rt to stress someone out peaches are just basic mangoes don't @ me trans women of color experience violence that makes navigating workplaces almost impossible. support! i don't need a blue check to tweet about being a bHaDd biTcH. i was verified at birth by the blood of the lamb, jesus christ it's. going to be hard but i'm giving up being a bHaDd biTcH for lent, please pray for me everyone talks about polar bears being affected by climate change even tho narwhals are objectively cooler animals? if you ride the subway all day and consume food without washing your hands you're already eating ass big ups to all my shy people out there. i'd say shouts out but i don't wanna scare yall i will not stop until everyone understands this concept pineapple on pizza haters can be reasoned with. plantain haters must be swiftly silenced got my hackers accessing your coordinates and just gave my shooters $50 for gas good luck white people sure are extra bold trying to abolish affordable healthcare with a culture that has no traditions of folk medicine me trying to determine whether i'd be more successful if i were white but also realizing my marginalized status for good morning everyone except no offense but i'm a good yet flawed person deserving of love whenever i feel afraid of aging i stop and think about the endless opportunities for pettiness in a retirement home setting i don't even laugh out loud at memes anymore it's more of like a high pitched hum my dad used to give me a $20 a week allowance that has prepared me for the fast paced, adult world of living off $30 a week can't believe yall would disown your kids for being LGBTQ. why make things worse when they already have a 50% chance of being born ugly i won't expose my daughter to that gay stuff, nope. just healthy, heterosexual depictions of women as helpless playthings for men i'm okay with people eating pineappleless pizza but. don't put that shit on tv. i don't want my kids growing up thinking they can eat that my favorite part about riding the bus is watching second hand fight videos on other people's samsung galaxies when you get microaggressed and feel the invisible camera zoom in on your face as you decide to pop off or not this is a white run account justin trudeau was def the most insufferable shit growing up. no way you're that woke with that face & dont trap ppl at parties w ur guitar i'm sitting here waiting for future to start dropping pill names when you're poor and ugly hip hop teaches you work ethic! hustle! indie music teaches you feelings are a viable substitute for nourishment! i listened to too much indie music as a teen and now i can't hold down a steady job in my twenties: a memoir horchata - vampire weekend me every time literally anyone speaks humanitarian, harvard speaker, and sole writer, producer and singer of this album. what can't rihanna do did u kno that i do stand up movie: meryl streep finds the estranged child she had w/ a black panther. he is a mute trap lord who only speaks thru music played by future bout 2 put a spell on u bitches hell is a shaved sides long on top white guy wearing a knit vest doing an infinite bad & boujee ukulele cover for 12 daily installments of $9.98 you can call me your black friend in arguments and just whomst'rent do you think you are exactly? whomst're you finna try? therers a mosque close enough to my apartment that i hear the calls to prayer and honestly it goes hard af someone throw some snares on it whomst'd've let the canines loose me unsuccessfully trying to break self destructive habits in a moment of clarity more deets on the greasy rapist best actor pls she has the voice of a villain in a new rugrats reboot them: you wanna do something this weekend me: nah i think i'm just gunna stay in and get some work done i'm really #blacktylenol #blacktylenol #blacktylenol #blacktylenol #blacktylenol #blacktylenol #blacktylenol #blacktylenol me: *shares fun viral video* friend: this is fake me: so is tv so is the news so was the election so is society just laugh nigga damn when someone at the function asks how i'm doing and thirty seconds later i'm turning off the music to dissect the p autocorrect just changed my name to kebab lie person: can i have a piece of gum me: good morning everyone especially people who watched meerkat manor his hotep levels are over ankh thousand when you're at a house with a strict no shoes rule but haven't cut your toenails in a minute she's beaming i'm crying the sun is cancelled the moon will now be out 24/7 *walks into hotep twitter* me: MOONLIGHT WON wow it appears as if they read the cards wrong once again and barack obama is actually still the president of the united states i had someone just say you post the same shit on all platforms ya heaux it me on all platforms if it's nice like it twice when a white man gets an award snatchedt from his hands in the middle of celebrating his aryan wife IM BOUT GEEKED AS SHIT MLK USED THE DRAGON BALLS OR SOME SHIT THIS IS THE WILDEST BLACK HISTORY MONTH EVER AESTHETICS. EMOTION. STORYTELLING. TRUTH. RELEVANCE. MOONLIGHT HAD IT ALL LA LA LAND THOUGHT THEY WON AND THE AWARD WAS SNATCHED FROM THEM I AM NO LONGER MARGINALIZED THE CHAINS HAVE BEEN BROKEN KDBNSMAKSJSBABAKBS LMAOAOAOAOAOAOOAOAOAIAO RACE WAR CANCELLEDT la la land is going to win the illuminati is real we sacrificed emma stone's rib are you kiDDING ME? GARY FROM CHICAGO IGNORED THE WHITE ACTORS? I LOVE BLACK ACTORS. I WATCH SAMUEL J JOHNSON IN DJ GARY ALLEN COLE FROM CHICAGO LMAO WHO UNCLE what in surprisingly diverse representation get you a friend that looks at you the way meryl looks at viola jackie chan is so pure isn't la la land what orlando brown said he did to raven la la land is the cinematic equivalent of make hollywood great again my kid: allowance? me: while this position is unpaid being my child is great for exposure & may lead to paid opportunities down the road conservatives: lol um hurt much?? it's called free speech snowflake liberals ;) *get out drops* conservatives: what in plantation i texted my dog and she still hasn't responded do i double text i'm about to fucking freak i will always be your 11th instagram like did we ever find out what happened at the disco that caused panic remy ma's probation officer: honestly shouts out black women for being anti trump before it was cool and bringing back potentially violent rap beefs beyonc SHOULDNT beef? are yall foreal?? beyonc beefing w anyone could stimulate the economy boom boom boom boom you got that superbase -onomatopoeia -alliteration -repetition for effect nicki is a poet. don't try her me trying to get a grip on the tl after being away from my phone for 15 minutes uber got rid of the $8 pool for anywhere in brooklyn and suddenly i love trains choochoo bih how can you shame kim for getting a multimillion dollar brand off a sex tape when you can't even get a compliment on a dic pic 66 in black history month? global warming is pro black live everyday like you have a flame ass amazon prime order waiting for you at the end of it real going to work/school hours rn. who begrudgingly participating in the system of capitalism good morning to everyone except people who pronounce library lie-barry idgaf about new planets. they're not taking my broke ass to america 2. ima still be here when manhattan is underwater brunching w dolphins i'm in america skressed out about our rapidly dwindling rights while my aunt janet is in jamaica flexing on us all nypd is doing checks so if you're brown and got a dildo definitely carry that in your bag today trans people of color started the lgbtq civil rights movement but the majority of progress continues to benefit cis we need to teach empathy in schools and we need to #protecttranskids a straight, conventionally attractive white couple. . ...? so much progre t: thicc r: rump on plump u: usually doing squats d: dump truck butt e: excessive booty meat a: ass u: underestimat PINEAPPLE ON PIZZA IS THE WAVE. WE MIXING FLAVORS. DOING SHIT YALL AINT USED TO. INNOVATING. IF YOU DONT LIKE IT DO this is one of the most extra things i've ever seen and i'm so into it dont use that children are dying bullshit when talking about chicago. if you really cared about the children stop closing their schools pop/soda/coke what the fuck ever the only carbonated beverage worth drinking is san pellegrino the cutest human behavior is the little bob/dance people do when they're eating something standing up yall really think im younger than just cus he's 6\\2 & can grow a full beard in an hour if he squints hard smh ur all trash when ur teacher is doing their obligatory 30 minute black history month spiel and you hear a caucasian giggle y\all are wasting precious moments of life saying the two syllables in soda when it is rightfully, honestly, monosyllablically POP . declare war when the weather changes and you realize maybe it's not seasonal affective disorder my personal style is wholesome lightskinned meets edgy kohl's model me chiming in with a haven't you people ever heard of closing the god dam door honestly cast me in the live action arthur movie hey named me one of the hottest singles of 2017 dms open for a limited time only when you know exactly who the subtweet is about and love instigating conflict happy birthday to robyn rihanna fenty, multi platinum artist and ghost writer for tame impala yall are out here being neo-nazis thinking you found white alternative culture when ya could've been chainsmoking listening to mac demarco idk, but in my objective, unbiased opinion i agree weather: *is slightly above freezing point* white guys: IF YOURE ALWAYS LOSING YOUR ID/DEBIT CARD BUT NOT YOUR PHONE GET A WALLET PHONE CASE YOULL THANK YOURSELF FOR IT DO personally? la la land deserves the oscars. moonlight was good but not as good as la la land. i didn't see moonligh this knowledge should not be publicly available. white people should not be readily able to learn how to conjugate the way some of yalls boyfriends look compared to you makes me really hope he has a tech jo person: where do you lean politically me: kinda weird how wanting poc life to be valued is violently anti white but wanting to kill ppl is just free speech xoxo gossip girl white culture is putting your trash can in an unmarked kitchen cabinet the beatles had a banger with that hey now ur an all star joint but. beyonc makes hits i miss those mid-2000s music videos that were half music video/half footage from whatever movie the song was in idt teens truly understand how blessed they are w their access to information about social justice. i was such a problematic edgelord in hs shouts out my real vowels a, e, i, o, u fuck y's flake ass just running a mental slideshow of every awkward blunder or interaction i've had in the past 6 months hbu wyd how many times did you listen to hip hop despite overt themes of sexism and homophobia when america is literally descending into chaos but ur fav artists keep dropping new work can you seriously believe i got out of bed this morning and not a single person congratulated me with a back rub and $25 target gift card me doing quantum physics trying to jump into the alternate dimension where bernie won me scrolling thru twitter vs. me scrolling thru facebook vs. me scrolling thru instagram vs. me watching snapchat s black twitter is the most culturally influential corner of the internet me: i want to my bank account: good morning everyone except people who make distinctions between women and people of color as if poc can't also be women gwen stefani: we can make it better, and tell me boy now wouldn't that be sweet? me: WeEWHoo YeEWHo me: ugh i need to go to the gym *half an hour later* me: if women are hosts their male offspring are definitely parasites netflix: are you still there me: am i happy valentines day H.O.E.S h: hot pockets o: over e: everything s: steven in this house pineapple goes on pizza my shadow bout ugly as hell so yall just gunna stunt on all our single oppressed asses happy valentines day to everyone especially malissa ancona who killed her husband, the k grand wizard of missouri lmaoo happy valentines day crush: happy valentine's day i got you-- me: give it to beyonc happy valentines day by any means necessary whether you're going on a date or masturbating and buying your own damn self some ferrero rocher [cries in solange] statistically one of the 12 disciples was gay me: it's sad how america is so desensitized to violence and death *white supremacist dies* me: news: k grand wizard of missouri found dead near river was murdered by wife and son me: i was gunna clean my room but then i logged on what are your thoughts on this - white liberal prover looking at this felt like seeing my mom cry beyonce crown sun, rihanna flask moon, solange fro rising *closes eyes for two minutes* lemme just check what's happening on twitter mostly just thankful beyonce invented chairs while simultaneously de-inventing gravity and to think that rihanna won not a single award after graciously letting the band team impala cover her hit single same ol mistakes telemarketer: congrats! you've won-- me: give it to beyonce if i catch you undervaluing the work of black women you can honestly catch these fisticuffs it sucks that beyonce and rihanna have to settle for being cooler and richer than their peers beyonce needs a lifetime achievement award at the oscars for keeping her shit together during award ceremonies at the end of the night, im just happy rihanna wrote, performed, produced, and mastered same ol mistakes #GRAMMYs black artists need to just . not go to the grammys ever again RT if you're a proud Christian and like how Chance doesn't give into the Sin of The Industry #grammys country music - family died - god - god is like beer - beer is like chicks - chicks are like my truck - my truck is like my country once i was 18 years old fafsa told me haha goofy bitch you gunna owe me me at my grandchild's graduation: when is beyonc performing until the day i die i will always watch live award shows thinking when is beyonc performing how does ed sheeran always look wet who is getting paid to spritz him when i watch tv on an actual tv and see commercials white boys love shenanigans do I get the cbs free trial to stream the grammys best improvised jazz duo: me and the person at chipotle when i keep asking sorry, just a little bit more? and they go no yeah for sure best new artist: militant beyonc best country album: lemonade a caucasian minnesota soccer mom with a two-tone bob and silver pt cruiser has more relevant music taste than the grammys i was aware of the do not disturb button this ENTIRE time my account was HACKEDT by an ALTERNATIVE MEDIA SITE straight white guys have no excuse for appropriating black culture when mac demarco is right there iphones need an easily accessible feature that turns off all notifications when you pass your phone to show someone a meme/vid/etc stop the corporatization of memes my dog is my fucking child i'm not being cute that's my blood relative NOBODY TALKS ABOUT HOW GOING TO COLLEGE AND BECOMING AN ADULT WHILE LEAVING YOUR DOG AT HOME IS ONE OF THE HARDES steve bannon looks like a villain from osmosis jones good afternoon everyone except the k grand wizard of missouri good night to him lmaoo i used to think was pronounced sirrb-terr-kurt. i would be at parties deadass asking people hey do u listen to surb-tur-cuhrt when you don't know how to dress anymore cus of climate change this does not make me home of foe bic but i do not like the gays. -how yall really actually be on this website you can't be pro-black if you're anti-trans, anti-woman, or anti-gay you: xxxtentacion me, an intellectual: death grips i used to be jealous of kids who grew up in nyc until i saw a toddler playing in some sidewalk sludge thinking it was snow please miss me with that walking shit i only saunter *extremely juvenile voice* fascism taking over the 17 and 18 what is it about fascism that makes people look like cartoon villains me: lol nahh i'm v low key on my birthday i don't really do too much ha *gets home on birthday, turns on the lights headass sun, faceass moon, deadass rising some of yall need to take more naps ivanka looks like oscar from shark tale lmao my auntie sending out mass texts for chance if i'm not sobbing the meal wasn't spicy enough when you have to sit and listen to someone tell the same story with the same wording and exact same inflections for made a new friend me in the afterlife tryna sneak thru the gates of hell to visit friends me: omfg trump is draining lake michigan someone, everytime: so?? obama drank a glass of water where were you then person with an outrageously funny sense of humor and super relatable yet wholly unique personality: my valentine is FOOD! haha i've been out of school 7 months and i already feel my brain atrophying pls send woc/qtpoc book recommendations yall still subtweeting? i'm out here submeme-ing get w the times when people project their personal insecurities onto your dreams and ambitions under the guise of concern my life changed once i pulled up my pants spoke proper english & became a piece of paper with the lyrics to sweet home alabama written on it how i'm tryna be on the 14th the cash me ousside girl definitely calls her mom nigga happy black history month just your friendly reminder that jesus was a socialist, state defying, radical, empathizing, pro-poor, pro-hoe, nigga of color as long as trump is passing unconstitutional executive orders i am stealing whole bottles of hot sauce from chipotle if kellyanne conway can break the law and use public office for private gain i can put some sprite in my got damn water cup #tbt to the tweet that changed my life when it starts casual but you catch feelings if you're not using at least one shea moisture product.. what are you doing if the presidency gave obama wrinkles trump is about to look like the jack-o-latern your neighbors made for halloween and just left out people who hate pineapple on pizza don't wash their hands if they only urinated she blew him an unseasoned drumstick the gop is about to fuck around and trigger elizabeth warren's dormant telekinetic abilities it can be easy to lose sight during these divided times but remember: if they don't like pineapple on pizza they don't deserve tastebuds pineapple: me trying to criticize homophobia within the black community without letting white people weaponize my criticism to when you're waiting for putin to bring you a towel before melania gets home from barron's harp recital healing image this is a hate crime i'm countersuing me mourning the decline of a country that never wanted me shawty aint got no soul look in her eyes i have zero tolerance for any omg i wanna text him but i assfdjsjd type shit anymore it's the damn apocalypse snap him a titty twitter reacting to political news me trying to maintain hope and avoid nihilism it's the end of the world who tryna drive me to ihop HOW COME SEX WORK IS ILLEGAL BUT THESE OLD WHITE DUDES KEEP HOEING THEMSELVES TO CORPORATIONS a praxis remember when the 9+10=21 vine was a joke and not an american reality memes are the new us education system DROP OUT WHILE YOU CAN SOON THE ONLY USEFUL KNOWLEDGE WILL BE PICKAXING AND RATION STEALING smh parents are too proud of their millennial children i will never be emotionally prepared for jackie chan to die participation medal culture was specifically a SPORTS thing cus yall are SOFT. the world of performance art been BRUTAL it's late so i will let yall know i got scammed on neopets in 2005 & haven't trusted since the closer you get to the equator the more items people use to spank their kids i believe in monogamy again ronald reagan is the godfather of trap music when you think about it in second grade i realized i have every legitimate vowel in my first name and nobody has been able to tell me shit since when you're a lil different from the rest of squad but they accept and embrace your unique identity and characteris me: *says my height* friend: really? stand back to back with this person me: i hope every avocado you get is hard and watery with a huge seed it's actually astounding how desperately people want to be black while refusing to affirm black humanity gigi hadid for dolezal mag really hoping our team wins. i haven't hugged another male in over six years me about to play the race card the only super bowl i need is a super bowl full of the redemptive flesh and blood of Christ the gym is virtually empty cus of the super bowl and now i can finally let loose on the loud, heavy sobs tru ting: i accidentally called athletes characters today i don't watch sports because it's literally the same thing every episode NECESSARY LITERATURE fuck tha police except for when they put up lamps in the hood and create 24 hour selfie lighting moment of silence for everyone with carribean parents big sean every verse: i'm an underdog & my bitch on top that's an underdog started with the d just like a dog and i d-i-d it for my dawgs when you gotta how are you for the next four years keep ur friends close, ur enemies closer and ur friends w benefits the closest cus u might have a couple extra minutes before the nukes hit friend: let's- me: go back. back to the beginning. back to when the earth, the sun, the stars all aligned. cause perfect. didn't feel so per T.H.O.T t: there's h: hot pockets o: on t: the stove this is wrong. diff one line texts convey a stream-of-conscious like authenticity where as block texts come off as i hate to further the divide in this country and i really don't wanna offend anyone but i put tea tree oil in my humidifier water we was in the same book but we was different pages -lil uzi vert making me have a moment on this this planet fitness treadmill can't say i'm surprised fascist: i think left: no fascist: free speech! ur the real fascists! left: fascist: thank u. anyway i think we should eradicate muslims conservatism is NOT the counter culture the counter culture is ACTUALLY a little band called F A L L O U T O Y ever heard of it? ;) we have better music happy black history month got my vans on but they look like an attemp to broadcast a vague creative millennial aesthetic heyhowyoudoinlilmamaletmewhisperinyoureartellyoulilsomethingyoumightliketohear n* --ancient caucasian spell for summoning hands so you can hear out fascists and racists and sexists oh my but you refuse to hear out my soundcloud link what's good rip knuckles just yesterday we was gliding collecting chaos emeralds blowing dank in the chao garden gone too soon ya'll both prolly agree on white supremacy tho i don't see the issue your high school crush will end up a scrub. it's how the scientific universe works why does steve bannon look like officer healy joined the sith can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like impeachment procedings? i could really use a coup right now coup right now coupe rig let trump pass this anti-lgbtq legislation when they reinstate the draft i will be both asking and telling we've been living in a post-truth society since we all found out drake didn't write if you're reading this it's too late and no one cared feeling v attacked rn me: *tells joke on twitter* yall: why are u like this!? me: well i guess i first used humor as a coping mechanism if a publication or media outlet hits you up on some hey, did you take this photo? can we use it? MAKE THEM RUN YOU SOME COIN i could never stand this dude. didn't like his pretension or youtube or the amount of space between his upper lip a sometimes i forget my roommates names eating capn crunch until the roof of my mouth becomes raw is my earliest and longest standing self destructive habit please add a warning next time you post orange is the new black spoilers this is about to be the modern birth of a nation. vince vaughn looks like a live action mr peanut. gibson looks lik healing image we're so lucky to have our first pregnant president hello from beyonc's uterus see yall in a few months white liberals are optimistic about fawnhole scrump's presidency because they don't know black history beyond bus seats and peace marches slappedt some stickers on this mini van then paid the owner an 1/8th of reggie and told him to scram. gunna go take you can't get your heart broken if you push them away first lol you THOUGHT whenever i get followed in stores i always follow the employee back until we're basically playing tag in cvs LOL THE TABLES HAVE TURNEDT iconic i'm roasting henry david thoreau at housingworks bookstore cafe 7PM. he was a hitta but idc i'm still going in on h i had a dream that one day, white people would take my words out of context to silence people demanding social change -martin luther king the exterminator said we got squirrels in our ceiling but i had just assumed our upstairs neighbors really liked fka twigs me: everyones tl is already so depressing just dont post anything political also me: so here's my theory about what just had a liberal tell me it's good trump won because his policies are stirring things up and getting people involved lol ya'll r sick life can go from take care to if you're reading this it's too late in a month black don't crack but black does start grunting while sitting down at a very young age when you and ur bestie take a break at the function to hydrate and judge everyone there why aren't we seeing more of maxine walters in the news? literally every photo of her is an anti-trump meme cow and chicken radicalized our generation into eating ass i was afraid of the next four years until i was blessedt by this blind cat lil uzi has the best ad libs in the game, hands down. when he says huh? i truly believe he's genuinely confused make drake soft again so nicole kidman ran up, bop, bop. then im bap, bap, gaDOW, right? she all like ahh, ahh then im BLAM just drop this is so cute being on /b/ in high school actually inoculated me against alt-right trolling i'm one executive order away from dropping everything and becoming an assistant chef at the montego bay sandals res i just called the aclu the ucla on stage what the deep absolute fuck is this the SS looks good here most terrifying part of the #muslimban is that the u.s. already has the infrastructure to profit off internment & has been w black citizens we stopped making fun of preppy people and trump won. if you catch anyone wearing hollister, abercrombie, aeropostale: roast on site i've actually never heard this t swift track? what album is this no but like seriously everyone should travel starter pack stay in home town, get married at 20, have three kids by 22, and take family photos every three months in a field s photo of a white liberal facing the fact they were complicit in trumps election yesterday i accomplished one of longest standing goals by getting faded off kombucha i love listening to indie rock cus the escapism of a white boy thinking the world is ending cus a girl doesn't like him is very soothing rn anyone know a good dominican or puerto rican barber in brooklyn? or any barber who knows how to cut mixed hair real i volunteer dorothy, my grandma, as tribute to beat her ass same bowl same combo young bloods. honey nut cheerio with some soy milk and banana. back on my cholesterol lowering lana del rey is the only trust worthy media outlet left paul ryan talks like he holds in his cum i'm the horse trump is the snake the kangaroo is trump's middle class-poor white voter base smiling despite the fact i splurged on this luxuriously toasty faux fur lined coat just for trump to accelerate glo of course i do more you weak beta cuck being racist or sexist isn't edgy or ~alternative~ it's actually been the status quo in america for hundreds of years xoxo gossip girl hold tf up shia did not charm us in even stevens, save us in transformers, THRILL us in DISTURBIA to get jailed for pushing a nazi #freeshia i'm pretty sure this is the gop's only platform actually once again, i am wholeheartedly unafraid to speak my divisive, brave truth: bananas and cheerios is better than bananas and frosted flakes my mentions are 30% people arguing abortion and 70% people issuing death threats for my love of pineapple pizza what y'all youngbloods know bout this here banana and honey nut cheerio combo this is character assassination and slander and completely true when you screenshot a chat and accidentally send it to the person you just screenshotted eh beyonc wouldn't say that your meme isn't canon try again im FREAKING OUT that you UNCULTURED RABBLE ROUSERS are doing hummus like this how dare YOU one has gotta go i am broke. this is true. but don't you dare think i won't starve for a few days to buy myself a luxurious humidifier i hope to someday reach this guy's branding levels. literally sprinting with his signature shades on. amazing we kill people for being disrespectful to officers the sanctity of life has been gone lets get these abortions popping for current political purposes i now identify as a fetus of color i am not here for civil discourse. don't @ me. i am here for memes and pettiness that's it when you ask a pro-lifer how they plan to support a fetus once it's born poor styrofoam rubbing against styrofoam LMFAO LEAVE OUR MOTHER ALONE if youre like me and one of your nye resolutions was to be less of an uncultured swine, follow great fashion content/analysis applying for food stamps under a fascist regime like im doing a shoot on the 30th does anyone have any modeling tips?? im 5\\ 9 and 3/4 can i reach 6\\ 3 by monday me: i'm scared of trump egg: why? he's gunna save this country me: fuck trump i ain't scared egg: we're gunna ship your family to ghana you: j cole went double platinum with no features me, an intellectual: donald trump lost the popular vote by 3,000,000 when i think about what could have been if bernie won *sees this tweet while scrolling down my tl* i'd like to thank the head & the ass. without you, none of this would anyway almond milk tastes better than cow milk narcissistic personality disorder nov 2016: we have to give him a chance what's the worst that coul march 2017: house deems oxygen not a human right look. nazis are back, trump is president, and i still can never consistently drink 64oz of water a day i don't have time to hold grudges how quickly would the cia be at my doorstep if i responded to this with the katie got bands pistol gif you: la la land me, an intellectual: los angeles los angeles land i'm tryna get neck deep in a vat full of melted shea butter this is still my go to pro-choice argument in high school i told a nun i wish i were aborted so i could've gone straight to heaven i talked about obama and leftists vs. liberals with my sexy congested voice on the last season of maury had an insane plot twist this female shark literally said fuck science and switched to asexual reproduction women across species are done w republicans really wanna repeal abortion to grow the size of the underpaid working class their companies exploit oscar voters trying to differentiate between moonlight and hidden fences 1. i want to die without an lol how i sleep knowing i didn't complete 1/15th of the things i needed to this was a draft leftover from obama's account baby boomers: millennials are sensitive snowflakes millennials: anti-nazi violence is good baby boomers: democracy is dying but brb gunna go eat some crunch berries lmao remember soft grunge mlk didn't hurt nazis and i don't think we should either i love nyc guac whole squad emotionally intelligent fun #alternativefacts about me 1. never cried watching brokeback mountain 2. 6\\ 7 3. applesauce kneecaps 4. gemini 5. killed lincoln please don't believe the rumors everyone, my hips don't lie they tell alternative facts bring back celebrity death match. for the culture. this is the most empathetic burn i've ever seen raindrop drop top punch a nazi in the talkbox when your country is going 200mph toward fascism texting putin and smoking coal and you're j chillin in the back se white people haven't been actively persecuted by the us government since mccarthyism so best of luck adjusting yall remember not to snitch trump is about to have america's public health back on some oregon trail type shit white dudes on election night who told me it won't really be that bad wya this is the good kind of white feminism trump is president and the only people i trust are bernie sanders elizabeth warren and my rottweiler athena there's no more credible mainstream news sources because all of them were complicit in trump winning so now i get all my news from memes who took the first photo and can they help me angle out the piles of dirty clothes in my nudes when you're used to being broke and realize thousands, maybe millions of betrayed & confused middle class trump sup good morning everyone except nazi sympathizers the cranes in the sky video is so healing friendly reminder that simply existing & consuming in american society leaves you complicit in acts against humanity & we're all flawed on a lighter note i saw this girl with the fucking freshest velvet air maxes on the j train yesterday. i want state officials are pepper spraying a man on crutches and an elderly woman. tell me again how fascism is an exagg republicans: ugh could you just allow me to treat you like a nonhuman a little bit QUIETER so thankful me and all my friends are going to hell so i don't have to hear this is all a part of god's plan obama: inspirational to me as a black man in america also obama: killed thousands of innocent people with drones duality is a thing love being a minority in a fascist regime cus everything feels like a protest. eating? brave washing my face? r e v o l u t i o n a r y michelle: when they go low, we go high me: when they buck, we knuck looking forward to 2032 when we enter the third term of shaqs dictatorship and loveshack is now the national anthem she looks like a downy bottle ya'll said girls voted bernie for dick when ya should've focused on white women voting trump to appease their rural unemployed husbands what is this disgusting object. why does it smell like burnt fine leather goods. is that smoke rising from my unwrap in 4 years i can't believe d*nald tru*p's middle name is John what a basic ho ready to greet the president love this move. show up uninvited with a date, complain about the function on snapchat, stand in the corner, steal i'm going to retweet this every time i bite the side of my mouth humbling. healing. flavorful. versatile. universal. soup is the best food literally don't @ w your dissent you problematic heathens breakfast i understand the wait but soup? r u foreal becky? yall already have most of the ingredients and i'm tired . make a breakfast menu and add soup while you're at it. this is not a suggestion it is a threat i still think it's amazing that rihanna's same ol mistakes is literally so good tame impala went back in time to cover it i would quadruple my student loans to see elizabeth warren swing off betsy devos i will not give into trump and watch his eggnog eurasian my neck, my back, share my loose leaf and my snacks i believe people are more bad than boujee when you bite the side of your mouth then your inner cheek swells up and you get stuck in a hellish cycle of accide you ever look at your kid pictures like wow i'll never be that happy again until you remember j cole went double platinum w no features just did business with the russian mafia. gunna pay off 1/2 my student loans selling addicted inner city caucasians a deep inhale. a vape cloud envelops his fedora adorned head in a shroud of sour apple mystery. he thinks, fuck. deadpool was so good me lost as shit trying to use google maps holding my phone that just died at 20% i'll wait - ancient teacher's prover when you're sugar and you're going down real wholesome hours who preparing for bed when you look in the stands and see dad finally took off work to make it to your little league game and coach hands Listen to gold chain by jaboukie #np on #SoundCloud me, a edgy maverick & freethinker absolutely demolishing your coddled millennial safe space: pineapple goes on pizza and justin bieber is actually just average looking trump is president and the justin swoop is back it's truly the end of days those android emojis that look like smiling flan cakes must be stopped head on the outside, ass on the inside ignorant is being uneducated and unaware. ignant is knowing what is right and joyously choosing what is wrong lmao i love being an ignant leftist it really relaxes my muscles and gives my skin a collagen boost this mlk day i'm thankful for all the racists i went to high school with that i get to shit on at the 5 year reunion republicans love to pretend that mlk was some peaceful martyr when in reality he would have loved knuck if you buck man i miss 2009. obama was glo'd up. drake was gloing up. what a year to be lightskinned i didn't realize how wild it was that america had a black president until he was getting replaced by a white supremacist the week of mlk day no offense but i love to see my friends succeed lmfao stole my fucking meme shouts out to poverty for keeping me rather effortlessly thin when you wrap up an evening of gentle chores and self care to watch your hooligan peers broadcast their drunkenness you dont need war to wreak havoc on america. cause a iphone charger shortage and i will straight up turn to cannibalism by tuesday still clowns on my tl tho ur mcm wears basketball shorts and boxers in a pool gentleman in the streets, so many piles of clothes you cannot see the floor in the bedroom me: christianity is a vestige of colonialism ya'll: tell it me: i like fun pizza toppings ya'll: NEW CULINARY TAKE: honey goes in coffee be the change you wish to see in the world - mahatma gandhi look @ yall. hating. detracting. removing from the world. look at us. out here spreading love for the things we car frosted tips when you work up the courage to crack a joke in a new group of people and they pause for a second then keep talking please, don't call me daddy that's gross. call me papa johns my white group chat v my black group chat trump can take all of my rights but he could never take my ability to rap itty bitty piggy, flawlessly, from the first yup to the last laugh i'd leave. change my name. move to a mid sized city out west, maybe tuscon. open an organic flower shop. adopt an p my sweat is actually organic rose water due to genetics just your daily reminder that pineapple, in fact, goes on pizza. decolonize your mind and your plates will follow i still cannot believe affordable health care is gone i'm about to throw a mall of tough cocktale my new healthcare plan when you played the games, watched their shows, gave the head, met the friends, pretended to be sane and are finall if u like politicians who invariably look like exposed nutsacks in a chicago winter go ahead but don't act like we dudes on twitter: saw this girl just breathing out in the open smh. y'all see rihanna breathe think u can too. smh my daughter will never roses are red eyebrows are fleek belly jane is not my lava go see moonlight what is this lazy unskilled worker doing with a target employee Bring Back Suede Tracksuits 2k17 i need a photographer to take well lit headshots of me against a pastel backdrop otherwise how will anyone know i'm a creative millennial if science gave dogs the ability to intelligently communicate with humans would you consider voting for a dog 100% serious answers only pls the end of an era #obamafarewell trump and pence are shook more face masks that don't look like blackface 2k17 i also heard trump doesn't like pineapple on his pizza we seriously need to start teaching internet comprehension skills in school please stay out of my socially liberal fiscally conservative caucasian mentions a lot of talk about #goldenshowers but no one is talking about hoW OUR SOLDIERS ARE SHOWERED WITH DISRESPECT FROM - monster - absolute trash - seriously a harmful person - can you believe this cutie can tie a knot? i usually don't post nudes but drake in 2011: cups of the rozay me still: i am officially an influencer hidden fences? what aRE THEY HIDING me: *sleeps in room with snoring person* literally go to a doctor me: *sleeps in room with snoring dog* rest up good n well u fucking angel sorry if you're offended but i stand by the fact periwinkle is objectively better than cerulean had i been chiron it would've been on sight at kevin's diner when the uberpool doesn't pick anyone else up my head is a little bit larger than this and bottom left do you say l-o-l as a genuine response to things irl issa movement very recent pic of me next to a hater kill bill 3: keke palmer plays vivica a fox's daughter back to kill uma thurman me: *is wounded from personal traumas* life: have ya'll seen this la la land? it's white, it's heterosexual, i mean it really has it all ya'll also created fascism and america is respecting that very well but i am? i've seen 3/5 of jersey shore you: *quietly tries to tip toe through front door* me: *swaddled in a seven foot long cardigan drinking merlot* where were you i was worried jesus of nazareth (1977) dir. franco zefferilli bout to smoke some wax why does grandpa look like yolandi WAIT. THERE IS ANOTHER JABOUKIE?...??.?.?? AND THEY ARE CAUCASIAN?? i love you too anime twitter if you send me a 2008 ass meme with bold impact text on the top and bottom i'm putting out a bounty for your assassination i put a pineapple hater in a coffin YA'll KEEP SAYING FRUIT DOESN't GO ON PIZZA BUT TOMATO IS A FRUIT MY PLEBEIAN MOUTHED FELLOW toontown was anticapitalist low key hey sorry i can't make it to your party saturday i got this thing we in showbiz like to call clinical depression how come when republicans laugh they look like they're waiting for an opportunity to eat each other ENOUGH. pineapple goes on pizza. stop projecting your insecurity toward your unsophisticated taste buds onto my urbane palette dad after viewing thot twitter: don't call me daddy, pa, father, nunna that. i'm terrence from here on out white people reading the #niggernavy hashtag waiting for #aryanairforce i think i might be too lightskinned to participate in #niggernavy can we do a #mulattomilitary there are better ways to find a sugar daddy seems 2017 is the year of dragging people who hide their homophobia/sexism/transphobia behind their marginalized identity & I'm Here For It me @ myself three months deep in someone's likes i would very much like to be excluded from this narrative, one that i never asked to be a part of . let's do brunch imagine not having an imagination go ahead be skeptickle. theres a old saying that goes real eyes eel eyes eel eyes. if u had real eyes u would c its when you send a screenshot to the group chat and start an open forum me code switching feel free to use this one again? do they like not have security or something a bowl of wet cheez-its he mistakes for his reflection my show sold out & i told my heartbreaking story of being diagnosed with a terminally gorgeous neck pc: brokeback mountain sequel?? long term relationships can be cute but i'd prefer an apple product that lasts more than two years i used to love chris pratt until i realized he probably plays mumford and sons on ukelele like all the time if tr*mps administration finds a way to make gay marriage illegal they should also include straight engagements that get less than 100 likes how i'm tryna be in 2017 i get low key hurt when someone sassquotes one of my memes i could not imagine being a female pop vocalist on this website is about to reach the scepter into the third dimension and concuss her good morning testosterone boys and harlequin girls happy first monday of 2017 everyone except people who pretend to have liked panic at the disco but only know i write sins not tragedies this is the most beautiful mountain documentary i have ever seen so excited! my friend is about to show me this amazing documentary about mountains the twilight saga: eclipse (2009) 2017 FOR THE SIGNS im going to shit on my third grade teacher ms. tarro so hard in 2017 2000: i will own a rocket ship 2005: i will own a mansion 2010: i will own a business 2017: i will own spotify premium again, eventually 2017 is the year of l u x u r y. only wet wipes from here on out speak it into existence: in 2017 i WILL be happy as a white woman in a commercial eating low fat yogurt person at party: what do u do me: i work in the chuckle industry, mainly teehee distribution and smile packaging when u didnt get ur midnight kiss and youre still broke w mild acne scarring but youre drunk enough to finish sh here chillin w maxine from living single i accidentally stole mismatched shoes from cus i thought it was the look, the wave but i just look lik . 2k16: it was the best of times, it was the worst of times also shouts out who is a) also featured in article b) the inspiration behind kanye dyeing his hair i talked with the v cool and v smart about mental health & my love of dank ass memes i was actually credited for a meme?? umm.. ok wow guess i'll stop complaining now before you wake up hungover tomorrow afternoon get yourself some sprite and pedialyte aka pediasprite aka baby lean my phone's charger port broke. not even the charger. my phone's receptive hole is broken. on new years. broken heart, broken hole ;( me tonight ready to call out people showing predatory behavior toward the extremely wasted never seen a person of color start a meme with 'tfw if ya'll even contemplate driving drunk im calling ms. puff and getting your fucking boating license revoked Dreamgirls (2006) A Fault In Our Stars (2014) Taken 3 (2015) have a beautiful afternoon everyone except people who choose the coffee shop seats by the outlets without charging anything extremely brilliant modern day nostradamus level thinker philosopher and all around academic: you kno reality television isn't even real . is about to steal this faster than white ppl did rock n roll employee: guac is ext me: so am i. i want it on top the barbacoa and in a to go cup my fav fingers of 2016 1. thumb 2. pinkie, index, middle, ring all tied everybody is always arguing who has the best pizza nyc or chicago and the answer is sam's club. sam's club has the best pizza a memoir i tried to make a meme about having 696/9696 following/followers and two people prolly sprained their wrists unfollowing me my 2017 resolution is to get common white girl to steal my nudes turning pringles cans into bongs me ready to shake hands one last time w ppl i'm leaving in 2016 she was fearless and crazier than him. she was his queen and god help anyone who disrespectedt his quen me: twitter ruins jokes and songs so fast now it's annoy offset: you know. me: rip to all the house plants i killed in 2016 come see me be jayden smith & do some juicy bits 2nite 8pm chicago laugh factory i used to think the key to happiness was graduating high school and meeting more people who listened to vampire weekend visual representation of my feelings tinder bio: only here cus i got tired of christian mingle ;) me: who is this undiscovered comedic voice of our generation GOT A HULU (and?) GOT A NETFLIX (what else?) MY FRIENDS PASSWORDS I'm SO HOOD RICH savoring this san pellegrino then headed to a fundraising event for caucasian mothers with children who call them god cannot die this is blast for me 2016 me vs. hydrated, clear skinned, spiritually awakened, intellectually stimulated, emotionally and financially s mixed babies are so cute #2016in4words two thousand and sixteen me, swiftly ending a haters whole life: your parents did NOT raise you right social media is too triggering when ur hungry. couldn't tell u the amount of times i've seen someone tutorialize a whole meal into face mask 2016 cannot end without me seeing moonlight. where can i watch moonlight online. willing to pay. moonlight. i don't eat bananas. that's gay. potassium? you mean vitamin p for penis? don't need it. just another way they try to femininize black men my favorite pop music moment of 2016 was when the life of pablo dropped and everybody was like wow these future verses are really good we're blaming 2016 for these celebrities dying so young when we should really be blaming the 80s i was a pretty average star wars fan but carrie fisher was hands down one of the baddest in the game on screen and off why are yall waisting toothpaste y'all: i work for every *dad deposits $3500 into account* thing i ever had. wish someone help *ppl treat you kindly cus of privilege* ed me honestly let me be president i've played the sims and roller coaster tycoon priest: do you take each other to be lawfully wedded twitter baes him: she my queen her: trus daddy priest: you may now fist the slide bonus track from merriweather post pavilion bout to get fucking destroyed off these xans please don't let my pillow-pet soft lips fool you. i will pull up on your racist, pacemaker having uncle with some when your rich auntie with no kids and a mid level finance job pulls up to the christmas function with the latest e raindrop droptop turn the manger to a hotbox is mary still a virgin or a thot thot jesus is born he a tot-tot i think we stand a good chance of stopping kony in 2017 this snowman is hand drawn from leftover cocaine that didn't make it to black neighborhoods in the 80s @ depaul university hometown tinder: chipotle love watching movies. fluent in sarcasm. get used to it. actually 17 honey nut cheerios from a cup is the most grounding snack known to humankind social media is the new BET im about to fuckin g lose my shit please tell me it's not too late for migos to cover little drummer boy lil uzi's verse in bad & boujee makes me feel like i can accomplish anything a clip from my favorite holiday film, the caucasian express (2004) suck my black nipples in 2017 me barely making it out of 2k16 this is my 3000th tweet been getting a lot of opinions on god from people whose timelines are filled with tales of premarital ass eating this is democracy god is absolutely a black woman. she's patient, forgiving and her son was killed by a white state official did white people release music in 2016 twitter fingers turn to nukin fingers when the only gift you can afford is friendship bout to eat some bic pen and ice oops groan map the teets when you take your friends dating advice and try just being yourself . giving a lecture on how your pencil pouch reflects your personal brand if u see an older black woman wearing one of these do not disturb she has errands to run & chicken to be taken out i made some depression memes recently but i was actually cured of depression two yrs ago by a strategically placed live. laugh. love. poster me over-lying to get out of plans call me garfield cus this pussys boss we must prevent the next holocaust nicki minaj warning us about the rise of fascism in the us when a job description asks for a rockstar employee they just want cocaine work for coffee paychecks didnt feel like a new yorker until i spent this morning running through laguardia in timbs aight j.k. liked one of my tweets i retire when a white person leaves a seat at the table off their 2k16 list vs when a white person includes a seat at the ta #dreamit then #achieveit here's a set of me opening for steve harvey me to my anxiety: people are focused on themselves. they're not thinking about you depression: ever me: that's not what i meant young savage why you trappin so hard? me: lack of job opportunity/the school to prison pipeline 21: cus these niggas pussy and im hard the best comedy central roast doesn't have shit on a circle of black 7th graders if you or a loved one has sent ?? after no response please contact the chill tf out hotline at 1-800-jus-dont might fuck around and dedicate my life to replacing every trump bumper sticker with im proud of my gay son bumper stickers black unisex barbershops are always a room full of dudes & one beautician in a corner braiding hair playing monica at an acceptable volume donald trump look like he hunt street bats absolutely not spooky black is dope but i want f.u.b.u. black sadboi music this is marc ecko who? i haven't heard of him i need non-misogynistic black sadboy music recommendations keep stealing my memes y'all is it poor in here or is it just me i think the closest thing to a caucasian slur is calling a white person a random character from friends i tried to sext it away as someone who is constantly getting separated from friends with a dead phone i would like to know where i can purc thank you you perfect angel what's the name of that one song that goes *do do do* get down lil ma i used to be a problematic teen so this tweet is me both predicting and accepting my inevitable future dragging stop and frisk sounds like it would involve less racism and more grey sweatpants *person eats off my plate without asking* me: when you realize their politics arent intersectional make degrassi the next generation again #ChicagoVerificationQuestion i'm _ go to the __ #ChicagoVerificationQuestion if I hear another nigga talk sweet bout chief keef _ after nina simone's young, gifted, and black soundcloud autoplays a white guys acoustic guitar cover and i'm triggered every time racist hipster: it's actually pronounced bon hit-lair *emerges from pile of fast food receipts and empty talenti cartons* me: self care when you dress extra nice in an attempt to ward off depression look at what the social justice liberals did to this unemployed wheat grain treating people with compassion and respect is so fr*ckin cool neo-nazi's really think they're on some new wave shit when they're just as basic as cardigan wearing teens who brag about being old souls #aleppo is by far the most horrifying thing i've seen in my life do you ever feel, like a plastic bag, sitting in a drawer, ready to be used for a bathroom waste bin no #2020 that was the deal take it or leave it eagles. u would be so much prettier if u smiled more can we go to mcdon no. we bout to go home and eat this potato did you know is one of chicago's leading exporters of black girl magic *cries in college dropout* so excited to go back to chicago and pee in some alleys appropriating black culture makes you age faster music show: let's get there early so we don't get stuck in the back comedy show: let's get there early so we don't have to sit up front please help i cant decide which one smells better an exceptional black boy originally posted this i knew one of those basic white gurl aggregate accounts would eventually steal one of my memes but i did not think i'd be this angry there'll be no more will smith once hollywood discovers i can cry on command by opening the chase mobile app reach for the stars so if you fall you drift aimlessly through the void so apparently in 1990 jesse williams said girls go to jupiter to get more stupider? cancelled i'm dreaming of a christmas of color i'm doing stand up on this dope azz show tn yall i'm dead ass my guy gimme back my lucky charms me: i think humans are emotionally complex, multifaceted beings that cant be pinned down by labels buzzfeed: your i love making ppl laugh im a fuckin black beatle pull up and eat some dung hey look theres some dung oh my god i love dung i'm doing a men's guide to feminism powerpoint/character bit at this show tonight! *buys portable charger* yo... imagine what twitter would be like if russia leaked obama's nudes the only person who can mend our divided country is Reba McEntire i knew justice didn't exist when my parents would yell at me for not getting the curry stains out of tupperware the security guard at walgreens said i look like j cole so i'm buying new clothes to complete the look friend: seriously please can you not. its my grand aunts wake eight hundred five eight eight, two three hundred me omw to do some light cardio haters will say it's trash but it takes a certain level of intelligence to listen to this you can catch me on having wholesome fun with my brothers and this has 5 retweets Javeigh my mom kept her last name and i've always loved sitting down to pee so feminism was not that much of a jump for me to combat climate change this holiday ill host a family of penguins in my parents not turning on the heat so go put on a sweater ass house you ever get so excited you forget donald trump is president butternut squash same thing y'all never had my minestrone stop thinking you need a significant other every time it gets cold and make yourself a hearty bowl of soup Mans Wearhouse: You're Gunna Like The Way You Look. Truss Fam. original statement: im sick of identity politics translation: my favorite movie is stepbrothers humpty dumpty had a great fall, lost his job, became bedridden, joined reddit & 4chan and now harasses millions of if you know an asshole w christmas lights in their room snatch them shits. mood lighting is only for the pure of heart people online always say cum to brazil ok well for starters what is brazil wearing in 2017 i'm working on chewing my food more than once before i swallow dealing w stress in college was exactly like cranes in the sky except i stopped at drink it away what do y'all think about this subtle face tattoo idea i'm somewhere between incense burning erykah badu fan and wearing dried mango seeds as earrings erykah badu fan you can take the boy out of chicago but you can't take the was that a firework or out of the boy black women: #2006v2016 fuckness is nonbinary. there are fuckgirls. he/she/they/ze can all be fuckpeople this is a self subtweet sorry i've been really busy ancient fuckboy prover lord as we all gather our album of the year lists father god please let us not act like views was better than anti in jesus name amen i dare u to tell me u did not just scroll past someone selling a strapback in one or both of these colors tbh next time u go to chipotle just get the veggie bowl & free guac cus they ain't about to give you but 3 cubes of chicken titty anyway i just mistook one of my orange facial hairs for a roach leg yup just me hangin out with coworkers, not being an unarmed black make. officer Wyatt here reporting for donuts haha if any of my nudes leak i took them before i was 18 unfollow. i dare yew how is bottled water more expensive than an air of zona i knew someone like trump would rise to power once jennifer lawrence and chris pratt started starring everything if i spend over $12 on food at a restaurant and i dont get full i'm calling the better business bureau i sent these photos to every music critic scheduled to review the new cudi album jesus: knock knock me: whos there jesus: your lord and savior me: well come on in! (to my heart ) follow for more christian content me when people pull up grubhub: no thanks i'm not that hungry. plus i'm trying to save money so no thanks me when if he aint stealing sprite AND hot sauce from chipotle he aint the one do you love this shit? are you high right now? do you ever get nervous? are you single? i heard you fuck your girl which got you more hype in 2016 im not racist me: hi notracist im dad lmao i did not wake up this morning planning on going in on j cole for three hours but thanks for sticking around the 20 seconds of kid cudi moaning on waves is better than all of 2014 forrest hills drive thank god i internet blew up off captions cus im too lazy to get clear skin or learn horoscopes no thats the point, its supposed to be bad ancient urban white prover me as i lose j cole stan followers and gain followers with taste if you think my beautiful dark twisted is bad just unfollow honestly me: j cole is trash me to me: agreed cynical but i still try pussy wet, yours still dry nicki minaj rapping against hopelessness during a fascist regime thrasher? i dont even know her, but i bet she doesnt skate friend: please don't do it hi, im peter francis geraci me: MONIQUE IS FUNNIER THAN STEVE HARVEY i'm gunna start carrying jars of coconut oil in my backpack for all the white women w/ mixed kids i see on the train landlord: rent is due me: how fucking dare u some days i look like steph curry's lesser known brother steve cumin I dont want much for Christmas just some sad af, like really going for it Adele vocals over a Metro Boomin beat when your best friend spills potato salad on their lap so you eat it for them stop appropriating working class fashion knowing damn well you wouldnt even date a sexy janitor when you're interviewing for a new job but you know you're a diversity hire now that's what i kall konspiracy kontent kardashian konspiracy theory: kylie is secretly a lesbian and only with tyga because kris won't let her kome out i secretly wanna get super famous so i can do taboo things like sell my toe nails or acknowledge homeless people in new york me: i am POOR, don't you understand? life isn't so easy for all of us also me: me: i think im depressed america: have you tried being rich when you return to the group chat after a long hiatus i'm trying to start westworld but so far it's just bloody white men pouring milk on each other crush: wish there was someone to cheer me up. me: nazism is the whitehead you thought you popped until it grows back whiter and stronger right before prom LMAO SOMEONE CALLED ME A PASTA HEADASS BUT THEY AINT WRONG I DO GOT SOME ROTINI CURLS between the democratic party being blue and having to say hillary blinton, trump prolly won 100% of the blood vote No better feeling than waking up after a long night of responsibly sipping craft beers to the sound of your homie s Coworker: ugh Monday! I have no desire to talk to anyone today Me: same Coworker: dont even get me started on Lads from the UK, whats the move tonight? British slang only Me (bad boy): -asks you on fake dates as a prank -slams the door right in your face -straight up refuses to shake 11:37 AM: You wake up drenched in sweat because you dont have functioning AC in your studio apartment. Crumbs from Ive never been to a Mexican restaurant with a group of middle aged white women but I imagine they all say oh Finally tried starting True Detective after years of hearing great reviews and I accidentally watched the entire se I hate flexing on twitter but I just finessed a crockpot and a ouija board from my neighbors garage sale for only Call me old fashioned but I cant wait to fall in love, get married, fall out of love within a year, attempt to sav Just took a quick peek at my bank account and now Im dangerously close to swallowing every fluid ounce of my pride Ill be in Pittsburgh for the Kenny Chesney concert today if anyone under 140 pounds wants to fist fight Fully convinced all women are legitimate psychopaths. This girl I dated for a couple weeks in 2014 still has me blo Finally made the transition from purposely offending people on Twitter to unintentionally offending people on Twitt Spent my Memorial Day weekend attending an EDM concert in 95 degree heat and the amount of unconscious/dehydrated/o At work telling everyone happy friday, champ and asking them if theyre team yanny or team laurel while laughin Ill be blacked out at the Indy 500 this weekend if any of my followers wanna meet up and shotgun half a beer toget Itd be a real shame if the haters whove been calling me broke on twitter for the past few years knew that I casua College girls on twitter aggressively fantasizing about being 40 year old moms who do regular activities with their Random girl last night asked me to take a pic of her and her friends (1st sign that she wanted me) and afterwards s Asked my uber driver how long hes been uber driving and he said I never started and then I laughed and then he d Lads from the UK, tweet me your thoughts about the Royal Wedding using the most British slang possible My biggest fear about dying, besides burning in hell for eternity, is the part when everyone goes to my Twitter pag Melissa please delete this before Mrs. Hockenberry sees the way you pluralized freshman. Youre making our entire A Not to get too sentimental but after 7 years of college, 3 different majors, hundreds of hours spent in the library All jokes aside, this is an actual fundraiser for an 8 month old boy with a rare heart condition. Click the link if Sweat drips from my forehead as I painstakingly edit a picture of me and my mom on the beach 4 summers ago. I exert My moms friend: My son just finished law school My moms other friend: My son just got a job at a Fortune 500 co Graduation is in 10 days and people in this lame ass town are STILL trying to start rumors about me (if you werent Tipped my waitress at TGI Fridays 30% and shot her with finger guns after I told her to keep the change and she audibly moaned - Sneaking a flask filled with Malibu Rum into prom - Dyeing my hair blonde for lacrosse playoffs - Skinny dippin The mental image of DJ Khaled having sexual intercourse has been stuck in my head for the last 4 hours and its bone chilling Im stuck in this gray area where Im comfortable with shitting in public but Im not comfortable with other people Hey everyone, Ill be deactivating my Twitter and taking a break from social media to focus on myself and my career A fun challenge is asking completely ridiculous questions to vegan facebook groups and seeing if you can still get Dont complain about finals week if youre still in high school. I didnt study for a single test in high school Parents need to stop babying their kids so much. I went from getting bullied almost every day when I was in 5th gra 24+ year olds, whats the move tonight? Are we staying in and avoiding a debilitating day-long hangover or desperat Please say a quick prayer for my sister. Shes stuck in a remote village in Uganda for her mission trip and none of My camera roll is just 3 years worth of progressively more disgusting shirtless photos of me that I planned on usin Pretty sure the dude who sits next to me in physics thinks Im on drugs because Im always calling him by the wrong My best friend just found out his fianc cheated on him when he was deployed in Afghanistan and now hes trying to Imagine being forced to spend any amount of time with this person Struggling with the moral dilemma of wanting to respect Kanye for being a legendary superstar & wanting to roast hi Asked the girl from my biology group project if shes free to meet up tonight and now her psychopath boyfriend is t I started drinking massive amounts of water to compensate for the fact that I live a repulsively unhealthy lifestyl The 50+ year old dads who always make fun of millennials for expecting handouts are the same people who coached l Good morning to every single person on the face of the earth except for the parents/legal guardians of the foul-mou Love going on Facebook just to see what all the losers from my high school are doing with their pathetic lives, and The last 3 months have been an emotional rollercoaster and Im beyond thankful for everyone who donated and helped Biggest power move of 2010 was making one of those new phone, need numbers Facebook groups as a desperation tacti Tuition: $25,000 Meal plan: $2,000 Text books: $600 Day drinking and having the time of my life with my best friend Its my step brothers 18th birthday. Please go send him 10 cents on Venmo and leave him an insulting message Buzzfeed rejected this article but heres my list of the top 10 funniest tweets of the past month Whats the move tonight fellas? Are we still meeting up two hours before the pregame to rehearse the lyrics to Drak Funny how the same girl who used to make fun of me for being a loser in high school is always blowing up my phone Love him or hate him, you have to respect Walmart yodel kid for singlehandedly dethroning Target as the most releva I wrote a fashion blog about what to wear/not to wear at Coachella this year. Please read Apologies to the 3 people who watched me and my girlfriends gender reveal on Facebook Live today. It was wrong of Lads from the UK, whats the move tonight? British slang only Please get a job my mom desperately cries from outside my room as I strategically photoshop an image of something Kyle Conel. Kent State Legend Imagine being blown away by the beauty of your sons prom date and feeling genuinely proud of him for the first tim Didnt get any sleep last night because my gf is partying in south padre island for spring break and Im paranoid t Me: did you hear about how all the tweetdeck accounts got permanently suspended My friends who have professional c Good morning to only my UK followers. Tweet me your plans for the weekend using the most British slang possible Its so sad how todays generation of kids dont even go outside anymore bc theyre addicted to smartphones. What h Im the sarcastic friend who only responds to texts with vine references or The Office gifs. My signature move at p 6 months ago I quit my job and started volunteering at local homeless shelters. Its been exhausting at times, but I dont judge people for spelling and grammar mistakes but I fundamentally dont understand how a fully functioning Getting suspended from twitter yesterday was the worst thing thats happened to me on the internet since I got bann . I have inside information regarding a zany situation that happened between Chrissy Teigen and John Legen Never judge a book by its cover. I just found out that the creepy guy from my apartment building who dresses up lik My roommate Brayden brought my ex girlfriend back to our dorm room last night so I decided to pull the most savage Havent wrestled in 3 years and I still have an oddly specific recurring nightmare where Im 5 pounds over an hour My step dad told me it was pointless to apply to med school bc I was too stupid to be a doctor 8 years later and Found my moms burner account In my bio: business email & link to my fitness instagram/nutrition blog In my tupperware container: unseasoned ti Alone in my room listening to I Miss You by Blink 182 on full volume and contemplating unblocking my moms number #LetsMakeItAwkward On my head: young & reckless snapback On my ears: beats by dr. dre On my neck: lanyard that conveniently holds my s My friend desperately needs more people to take this short quiz so he doesnt fail his project. Please help him out Whats the move tonight fellas? My fake got taken last weekend but I still have 2 cans of Busch Light and a water Post Malone (in the middle of a concert): How you guys feelin tonight?!?! Guy who runs a Post Malone parody accoun Im not the type to brag on Facebook, but Im beyond proud to announce that [500 word narrative essay that gives yo The guy who used to bully me in high school is a hedge fund manager on Wall Street who cant even bench press 250 British followers, your mcm got proper sloshed off half a pint last night, sent a you up? text to his best mates Proud of you, man. I remember we had 3rd period English together sophomore year and you used to always come into cl its 2038, your new boyfriend Mark comes home drunk and smacks your butt as youre anxiously sifting through divorc My neighbor turned 95 last year and his birthday wish was to watch the Eagles finally win a super bowl. It was the Invited all the starters from my 2006 conference championship football team to my super bowl party. Cant wait to c Hey bro.turn the music down real quick.ok listen bro.Im not mad.Im just disappointed that you did the e Threw a party last night and went 12-0 on the pong table with my boy Braxton. We beat my roommates girlfriend and Self care is so important. End the toxic relationship youre in and start dating the first guy whos remotely nice For valentines day Im putting my gf through a romantic scavenger hunt that leads her to the location of our first Its my 25th birthday at midnight so Im about to get absolutely hammered off 3-4 IPAs, order an uber, throw up for Third day in a row wearing a knee brace that I dont need and my cousins lacrosse warm up gear to the gym so I can My dumbass doctor prescribed me Vyvanse because he said it would help me focus better in class but it just makes me The American dream is getting accepted to a major college, spending 5-6 years binge drinking & abusing drugs, getti If I ignore your call and then text you hey did you call? 7 hours later, then dont be a shitty friend and try to Officially have the font picked out and the angel wings drawn up for my next tattoo, now Im just counting down the So ready for tan skin, warmer days, beach trips, bikinis as an outfit almost everyday, record-breaking instagram li Of course you are, my dude! Im so stoked to use the money youre definitely going to send me to invest in the pyra The only thing stopping me from becoming famous and successful, besides the fact that Im a lazy, uninteresting dou Its been over 6 years and I still get Vietnam-like flashbacks to my freshman year move in weekend when I tried to Hey guys, my dad was recently diagnosed with a rare heart condition and the medical bills have been overwhelming fo I just got chills down my spine because I randomly thought about that Christian youtube star who unironically tweet Hmu if you wanna come to my 25th birthday party in a couple weeks. Were gonna be pregaming/listening to podcasts a I know a lot of people are gonna be absolutely devastated to hear me say this but I dont care at all. Wawa is better than Sheetz Havent opened any of my group texts in WEEKS because Im planning on posting a screenshot of an irrelevant convers Someone needs to make a horror movie/psychological thriller about an LA uber driver who becomes clinically insane a Youre not a true 90s kid if you dont miss playing Mario Kart on the N64 or renting VHS movies from Blockbuster or We all have that one weird coworker who always looks like hes about to snap at any moment and upload everyones DN Imagine finally being at peace with dying after spending weeks in the hospital fighting for your life and then one The office characters if they were emojis: a thread 357M Retweets 724M Likes Michael Scott: 532K Retweets 3.7M Not now Jeremy, go play by yourself while daddy and mommy try to go viral on the internet for writing fake letters I have good news and bad news for my twitter haters. The good news is that I got food poisoning and spent New Year In 2018 stop lying to your delusional, untalented friends who think theyre gonna make it and tell them with a co Just left cookies out for Santa. Hopefully my step dad doesnt come home drunk at 3am and eat them like he has the last 17 years Counter arguments to this? Tweet me your unpopular Christmas opinion and Ill rate it 1-10 Praying my mom doesnt ruin Christmas again like she did last year when she got me regular Coachella tickets as a s Biggest buzzkill is when you offer someone a shot and they say some polite shit like no thank you and then procee If you play No Limit by G Eazy at your friend Greysons NYE party at his parents ski lodge and rap G Eazys enti If any of my followers are Asian men over the age of 40 please DM me immediately. Its urgent My coworkers are so annoying. Its exhausting having to interrupt them every time they mention the word bitcoin a Ok I know this is so weird but Im lowkey an extrovert AND an introvert lmfao. I love going out and meeting new peo Hate when people you know in real life call you out for not following them back on twitter. Just because youre on Ill be in philly doing a bar crawl all day if any of my followers wanna meet up and grab a drink or beat the shit If 500 people send me $4.99 on Venmo Ill tweet the net neutrality joke Ive been working on all day Your mcm took 60mg of adderall and drank an entire 32oz can of Monster just to study for his Intro to Biology final This Keaton Jones story is a heartwarming reminder that the best way to emotionally support our loved ones is by fi Nothing worse than disrespectful dudes who get wasted and act like obnoxious creeps ever weekend. Id much rather j College is crazy because you can be in the library working on a 280 character tweet that thousands of people are go Sorry Ive been so distant lately, Ive been working my ass off on this 2017 Memories flipagram thats dropping on December 31st Todays generation has no morals or self respect and it makes me sick. Call me old fashioned but I miss the days wh Last night was insane. I almost beat the shit out of this dude at the bar who made eye contact with my gf but my 4 Yeah sex is cool but have you ever tried losing your virginity to your high school crush in the back of your Honda im the person whos 100% down for spontaneous arson crimes but also 100% down to lay in bed all day while my entir Just got off the phone with my mom. Shes trying to tell me Im not allowed to move to LA because I cant afford i Picture this: its 1818. Youre laid up in your Victorian bootcut trousers and linen cap. The Star Spangled Banner I tweeted this. Im a broke 24 year old who still makes fun of young college girls on twitter because its an easy Your wcw just retweeted this. Shes a freshman nursing major with a 4.0. Her dad is letting her borrow one of his c In my general psychology class right now telling my boy Connor about all the beers I drank over break. Pretty sure Commenting photo creds is an absolute power move because its an easy way of letting everyone know that, A. you h My favorite thanksgiving tradition besides doing charity work and telling my loved ones why Im thankful for them i All of my relatives are so uneducated and ignorant. They have no idea that Ive been studying feminism and eating v Hate going back to my hometown because everyone there peaked in high school. Not me though. I have my own fitness Your mcm has no plans so hes about to show up to a pregame uninvited and take shots of other peoples liquor until Fellas, in class today you gotta purposely talk extremely loud about how much you drank this weekend so all the gir Almost 2018 and dudes STILL think its okay to approach women in public and have conversations with them. Stop bein Imagine being on a first date with a girl who you thought was normal and tame but then she drops this bomb out of n Tweet me documentary recommendations This man is about to go double platinum for tweeting vague sentence fragments that set up millions of white girls f Its the four year anniversary of quite possibly the greatest tweet ever conceived Fellas, stop being creepy and hitting on girls at parties. Be a real man and subtly flirt by faving all of her tweets for 4 years straight Astrophysics Major | Rick and Morty Enthusiast | Coffee Nut | Fluent in Sarcasm | Dont swipe right if you cant stimulate me intellectually Twitter is a cesspool of liquid garbage so Im making a thread of people who are ruining this website: A wild pack of offended women are attacking me from all angles on twitter again. This is almost as bad as the vegan battle of 16. Send help Someone who dropped out of your high school & had 2 kids before age 20 is on Facebook rn typing a 300 word political rant w/ no punctuation Congratulations on having a twitter account since way back in 2015, Kelly Rihanna is Rihanna at parties and youre not at parties bc you spend your free time stealing viral tweets that appe Someone with a verified checkmark got paid real American currency to make this article When you copy someone's homework and change a few of the words so your teacher doesn't notice but then you start ge Nothing more masculine than diehard college football fans slamming beers while letting 18-22 year old boys control their emotional wellbeing My twitter stock is going down. I gotta start quote tweeting silly pics of dogs & saying shit like I would murder my entire family for him Y'all remember falling asleep with the tv on and then waking up at 4am to your step dad, Tim coming home drunk and ruining your family The drama in the Christian Vegans facebook group is at an all time high Gotta get my priorities straight & start tweeting more. Been focusing way too much on bullshit like improving my relationships w/ loved ones Your wcw is on snapchat seductively lip syncing in her Toyota Camry to a song she spent 3 hours on rap genius trying to learn the lyrics to What's worse? Devastating natural disasters destroying our country or people posting selfies with lame ass captions Girls on twitter are always overhearing poetic words of wisdom and one tree hill quotes in random places First night of college she was texting you I miss you so much while Quincy from the football team was in her bunk Yearly reminder that I'm banned from my school's wifi for illegally downloading Moves Like Jagger by Maroon 5 fresh My frat brothers & I are pregaming the eclipse by pouring 100proof vodka into each others eyes. First one to go blind has door duty all week Im not saying I agree with Nazis but - guy from your hometown who has his truck as his Facebook pic getting ready to say some racist shit This man bought his girl $1.30 chips and quoted some Tim McGraw lyrics and now he's a national hero to white girls BAD day for my haters. Another one of my tweets turned into an instagram meme & now I'm DANGEROUSLY close to evolving into a buzzfeed writer It's Saturday night and Im getting roasted on twitter by a dude who has Jordan Belfort in his bio So ready for fall weather, bonfires, football, hoodies, getting instantaneously obliterated to ashes by nuclear warfare, haunted houses Wow Kelly this inspired me to make my girlfriend cry Thank you gwenneth Another year of pretending to be an RA in the freshmen Facebook groups wow this is an eye opener Christians beefing over stolen tweets about God White people put entire novels in their yelp reviews Chapter 7: Alas, I gasped in agony whilst the overpowering spices assaulted my palate britxoxo: people my age are getting engaged and I still take naps and eat ramen noodles 19 y/o college girls: OMG IM SHOOK THIS IS ME Ladies, he's not perfect if you post about him daily and he won't even acknowledge you on social media lmao idc if he's your newborn son I'm not even mad that I'm losing my girl because this shit is so true Bouncer last night thoroughly examined my ID and then looked me dead in the eyes & said this isn't you with the confidence of 1000 Kanyes Made a party checklist for all the college guys out there who need help impressing people this school year Happy Friday to only my adult male followers from the United Kingdom. What's the move this weekend, lads? Be careful who u reject in high school. He might blossom into a sexually frustrated verified journalist who replies to all of Trump's tweets Fellas, after an exhausting Saturday of avoiding women it's finally that time of the week to send those I think I saw you last night DMs You're an absolute goof ball, Ashley If I unfollow you it's nothing personal, I just hate all of your thoughts and opinions and think everything you say is annoying and awful High school athlete: Beyond blessed and humbled to announce that I receiv- Applebee's waitress: Sir are you gonna order a drink or not? Me: I want ice cr- Girl who studied abroad: the gelato in Italy is soo much better than ice cream. Trust me, I've been to Italy When the class clown of 4th grade forgets to take his ADHD medicine and the local news shows up to his elementary s Please stop retweeting this girl onto my timeline. She's too silly and relatable for me. It's bad for my health Scroll through my likes right now if you wanna experience a horror movie Your wcw got drunk off half a margarita & spent 3 hours on the beach posing for a pic she captioned never leaving . She leaves tmrw at 9am Imagine finally making love to your soulmate for the first time & then rolling over to cuddle with him & he's in th It's 2017 and dudes are STILL approaching women in person lmao man up and send her a I think I saw you earlier DM when you get home New outfit: $400 Bottle service: $300 Not being able to afford food for 2 weeks but having snapchat followers who think ur cool: priceless Android users bout to bust out their phones like 18th century muskets & post snapchats of fireworks that look like they were filmed in 1776 Who's ready for the FOURTH: Forgetting slavery Owning guns USA chants Regretting your marriage Treating your wife like shit Having diabetes 18 year old white girl: I just want 50 dogs and a husband who takes me to Target 478K Retweets 835K Likes The girl who wrote truth is idk who u are but u seem weird on my Facebook wall in 2010 just retweeted me. Do you know who I am now, Sarah? The weekend's almost here and just thinking about that first sip of strawberry lemonade svedka mixed with minute maid lemonade has me buzzed Your wcw got a hickey from a 36 year old acid dealer named Ricardo at Bonnaroo and tried telling you its a burn mark from her curling iron I'm on a quest to find out how oddly specific I have to get with my wcw tweets before people stop relating to them It's starting to happen again Your wcw has to pay a $200 uber fee bc she projectile vomited fireball all over the back seat while she was tryin to sing along to Despacito Imagine facebook moms hoppin on twitter trends Ur wcw pays for monthly Botox injections but cant afford to make a decent casserole. She 47 Definitely never proposing to you after this tweet Tag ur friend who refuses to talk to girls in social settings but always asks the group chat are girls gonna be there? before making plans Fellas, you're crackin open a cold one with the boys and your wcw sends you this text. Wyd? Ladies, what fruit flavored vodka are we sippin on this weekend while the boys crack open cold ones? Someone please decode this tweet for me When Ayesha tucks Steph into bed tonight I hope she reminds him that it's still mathematically possible for him to blow another 3-1 lead Im 24 and Im pregaming a chainsmokers concert with a bottle of strawberry lemonade svedka if anyone needs ideas for a your mcm tweet Your wcw got alcohol poisoning at the Migos concert and her friends left her to die bc they wanted to get Bad and Boujee on their snap story Your mcm and his 22 year old friends just booked a hotel for senior week and now they're on their way to Pac Sun to shop for tank tops Flat earth facebook groups are on an entirely different level of woke Chill -God The drama is heating up in my local vegan facebook group Conspiracy theory: 90% of girls are just robots programmed to use the same words and phrases as each other (scroll through my likes) Your wcw blacked out at brunch after 2 mimosas & spent 45 minutes trying to take a boomerang of her clinking glasses with her friend Ashley Your wcw just deleted the Mother's Day pic she posted of her mom because it ruined her instagram aesthetic Just ran into an ex twitter follower at Target. She told me she unfollowed me a few months ago. Always a humbling experience meeting fans Don't know what mood this is but I'm terrified of ever experiencing it It's mind blowing to me that there are so many quirky girls on twitter who enjoy eating food Your mcm got a dorm violation because he split a twisted tea with his roommate and they drunkenly started a dicks out for harambe chant My man Jorge has the handwriting of an 18 year old girl trying to go viral on twitter People from WVU love saying Only at WVU about shit that happens at every single college in the world Your mcm hands his android to his boys and makes them take snapchat videos of him counting money in the apartment he's getting evicted from Your mcm texted his chem lab partner I want you so bad on Saturday and now he's in class awkwardly trying to avoid eye contact with her Feels like I'm being cheated on when I check my girlfriend's twitter and see weak ass tweets like this Your mcm blacked out at Applebee's happy hour and sent an unsolicited dick pic to the 16 yr old girl who just followed him back on instagram You spend your free time posing as G Eazy on twitter. Something tells me you can be replaced Your girlfriend spent 3 days at Coachella cheating on you with D-list celebrities and now she has public figure in her instagram bio Your mcm needs 5,000 retweets to go to prom with the girl who already hooked up with 6 of his lacrosse teammates Your mcm got wasted off Strawberritas on spring break & used money he stole from his mom to get Family Over Everything tatted on his bicep 19 y/o girls love tweeting shit like adulting is so hard after they get a sorry honey but I cant put money in ur account til tmrw text Your mcm said who is she? when his coworker at long john silver's asked him if he heard about Syria People from Ohio will take 3 hours out of their day to sit through an entire Browns game but won't take 3 milliseconds to use a turn signal Your mcm blacked out after 2.5 shots of Cherry Burnett's and sent a you up? text to all the girls from his Biology group project at 9:15pm Your mcm has to get an MRI on his ankle today bc he got wasted off jello shots this weekend & jumped off a roof to impress his frat brothers Im the type of friend you can text can you do me a favor? at any time & i'll drop everything to come up with a fake excuse for why i cant When a random bro who isn't even in your frat shows up to your day drink wearing the exact same throwback basketball jersey as you &lt;&lt;&lt; The romantic side of me the haters on twitter don't want you to see A vegan, a PETA activist, and a high school athlete walk into my mentions Do high school athletes get their D1 offers taken away if they don't tweet about how blessed and humble they are every time they get one? My dude, Brian. We should chill some time. We have the exact same interests Your mcm refers to his favorite NFL team as us and we & compares their good plays to the plays he made in JV scrimmages his senior year My girlfriend had to google crying black man meme because she didn't know his name is Michael Jordan. My options are limited. Should I: Your mcm sets alarms on his phone to remind himself to send a ? text to all the girls who didn't reply to his what's up text Hey Sexual Gifs, I come to your account to see sexual gifs not my own shitty tweets College guys will be at the same party as a girl for 3 hours and not say a single word to her, but text her wyd as soon as she leaves Only making fun of men on twitter from now on. Gotta save my reputation I've been getting cyber bullied by 17 year old girls nonstop for the past 3 days If you want to feel less pathetic about your life Nervous as hell but I think I'm gonna try getting drunk tonight. Please tweet me tips and advice for beginners Bout to check my notifications and see if there's anyone getting irrationally offended over one of my twitter jokes Young lady said peers in an academic setting like classmates isn't a word I really have offended white milk drinkers in my mentions listing their accomplishments and explaining why my twitter joke isn't a real fact College girls will aggressively make out with random dudes at the bar every weekend but are afraid to say a fun fact in front of their class Every single kid who got white milk instead of chocolate milk at school lunch is either in jail now or convicted of at least one felony Please tell me you got hacked by one of your white friends or I honestly might have to break up with you for this w Everyone RT my last RT and tag in it Wacky idea for all the photoshop gurus out there: change the Coachella lineup into something different. Or better yet...the Hollywood sign It's 2017 and Grammy-nominated rapper, Lil Yachty is on a song uttering the words all my bitches come in pairs like balls in my nutsack People in the comments of my last tweet are shitting on me like I'm a famous rapper who just dropped a super disappointing album Your mcm is looking up words that rhyme with top on google and giggling to himself while he types up a fresh rain drop drop top tweet 2016 couldn't possibly have been worse - college kids who spent the entire year using their parents\\ money to black out 4 nights a week Reading my DMs is horrible for my self esteem Help I'm being attacked by a vicious squad of high school cheerleaders who think my last tweet is serious Your wcw spent one semester at WVU, now she's frolicking around her hometown warning everyone about her ability to get morgantown drunk Local rappers & 5th string football players love tweeting shit like if u not riding with me now, good luck tryin to catch the wave in 2017 Say what u want about vegans but they have been loyally and passionately insulting me on twitter every day since August. Gotta respect that Your mcm is at the health center getting treated for frostbite because he spent 2 hours writing send nudes in the snow outside of his dorm Your mcm got a 29% on his open book Intro to Pre Algebra final today and now he's on facebook talkin bout grade's dont define intelligents Stop what you're doing and reflect upon the time dj khaled got lost at sea on his jetski and courageously snapchatted the entire thing 19 yr old girls talkin about leaving the country but can't even make it from Sig Chi to Kappa Alpha without throwing up & peeing in a bush Racist uncles will be competing with unemployed former classmates to see who can post the most grammatically incorrect Facebook status today S/o to everyone who used to make fun of me for being broke. I just upgraded to Spotify premium. Now im broke as shit but I get ad-free music Text your bf/gf this is random but my parents are trying to get me to break up with you bc they don't want to end up having ugly grandkids Your mcm shaved his face so he can go to his old high school's football game and sit in the student section without anyone realizing he's 25 My gf forced me to dress up as a giant bag of cocaine so we could be jack and coke for Halloween Your mcm just put CLE in his bio and ordered an Indians snapback online Your mcm sends a snapchat message that says woof woof to every girl who posts a dog filter selfie on her story Your mcm made a twitter account called Sexual Gifs and used it to steal my tweets The side of me the media doesn't show Your mcm bonged 2 redd's apple ales for his snap story and now he's hammered sending wyd tonight messages to all 5 of his tinder matches Your wcw and her roommate Jessica were up til 4am last night watching juju on that beat dance tutorials and practicing in their dorm room Text your ex a selfie of you biting your lip/making a serious face and how much do you miss this? and send me their response Your mcm is in the group chat with his boys asking what's the move tonight? Where the bitches gonna be? for the 38th weekend in a row Your mcm just used the last $8 on his debit card to buy a 4 pack of Monster from Walmart even tho he's been out of toothpaste for 2 weeks Your mcm made u film him shotgunning a beer for his snapchat story & now he's buzzed talking about all the D1 football offers he turned down This man matty faked getting grounded and had the world shook as a publicity stunt to promote his new song. Legend Your mcm & his lacrosse friends just ordered a clown costume on Amazon so they can make a fake clown sighting video & get hella retweets Messing with people on Craigslist part 50 An army of ferocious vegans have been insulting me on twitter every day for a month straight if anyone was wondering how my life is going Idk ask I've been dating her for a couple months and still have no idea what race she is The shootings of 1970, the college fest riots of 2012, and now the #paintgirl fiasco of 2016. Kent State is rich with historic tragedies This is messed up. I feel so bad for that poor old man A college QB named Chad getting exposed for DMing a porn star is the most Chad thing that could possibly happen Triggered vegan alert I just got the shit roasted out of me by a dude who has big titty enthusiast in his bio. Time for me to log off your twitter name is veggiepeach Messing with vegans on Craigslist part 2 I'm getting death threats because of this tweet just in case you wanted to reconsider stealing it Ahh yes. Exactly what my mom used to tell me before she tucked me in at nigh The angry vegans thinking my real name is Chad is making everything 10x funnier A herd of wild vegans are attacking me from all angles. Please pray for me just in case I don't make it out alive Vegans all over the world are getting mad at me in multiple different languages. I feel like I just won the Olympics on a controversial call Messing with vegans on Craigslist Someone donate this brave young man a towel before he gets too wet and cold to pose for pictures #tats #shirtless Your significant other woke up this morning with a mysterious rash that appears to be herp. More for Aquarius The world needs more people like this You're on the internet pretending to be bryson tiller Fav this if he's wrong Top 5 tips for incoming college freshmen My website expired so I'm gonna start posting my old Craigslist shit that I never tweeted Monthly reminder that you are a 33 year old man Thousands of people don't buy tickets to watch you study at the library every weekend The grind never stops. Another exhausting weekend of forcing disgusting amounts of liquor & fast food into my body and laying in bed til 1pm I was gonna mention it but I didn't want you to get too starstruck Sorry I haven't tweeted in so long. Completely forgot that im a gigantic douche who thrives on receiving massive amounts of cyber attention Be careful who u call ugly in middle school. She might blossom into a fake model with an email for business inquiries in her Instagram bio You need to chill with this and send an I love you text to your parents instead All my craigslist tweets Monthly reminder that you are *googles your age* 33 years old Gotta prove him wrong now People are out here putting their relationship on the line to participate in my Twitter games Messing with more parents on Craigslist Im the guy who hits up and chills with all the random dudes who tweet shit like someone hmu and who's tryin to chill late at night which one of my followers has the hottest grandma? Your mcm is 23 and sends DMs to every high school girl who follows him back Nothing more humbling than receiving kind hearted emails from innocent young fans Big S/O to America for making it 24 hours without any deadly mass shootings #CountryGoals Yes Just steal my entire identity while you're at it, you hoe ass fish Definitely illegally downloading your new movie now Pissing off parents on Craigslist again Monthly reminder that you are a 32 year old man and not a 15 year old girl No zodiac sign will change the fact that you're a gigantic piece of shit. More for Aquarius Get a girl who tweets shit like perfect day to go for a run because that means she's content with being miserable and in pain Nah that's definitely a problem. You need therapy for sure New Chad Tanks guaranteed to get you girls this summer or your money back A chill pun like Class of SexTeen so people will think you've done sex stuff before Eating food? you're seriously SUCH a goofball sometimes bro Someone film me giving $10 to a homeless guy so I can post the video to Facebook with a paragraph-long caption about how humble I am Your mcm is handsome as hell, super intelligent, and really successful The dude is perfect for you lmao There's a guy named Chad acting Chaddish on the bachelorette? Might have to start tuning in I see you flexin with my tweet, young man. Not mad. Just disappointed I'm in there bro. Make sure your parents are cool with it though Absolutely not. No disrespect to lakes but I'm lookin for prime oceanside locations only Fav this if you live by a beach and wouldn't be creeped out if I stayed with you for like a week this summer Is this person trying to purchase an actual general? Like some kind of army officer prostitution service? Yes Chad is my real name. Not interested in doing anything compassionate like that though Convincing people on Craigslist that they're a suspect in a criminal investigation No idea what this means but yes fight all of them. And their family members If I told you we need to hang out soon when I was drunk, there's a 0.00 percent chance that we're actually gonna end up hanging out soon Imagine how creepy and psychotic the conversation was that led up to this video being filmed and posted on Twitter Graduation day is a very special day. Not because of graduation but bc the bars will be overflowing with moms, step moms, and aunts tonight You've had a depressing year my girl I've been owned many times on Twitter but this is by far the most soul crushing diss I've ever received Text your dad good morning sexy. I had the hottest dream about you then nvm that wasn't meant for you and send me his response Dropping out of college & moving to LA to pursue my career as an unemployed douche who thinks he's important bc he's popular on social media Because I want to watch him finesse his way to super stardom one tweet at a time Lmao wtf is this tweet? You're an on the internet pretending to be bryson tiller type of person You have been out of school since Ronald Reagan was president, my dude Haven't slept in 48 hours because I'm so excited for this You're definitely a youngin for not knowing that's beans from even Stevens You are my daughter You have an open invitation Needed to hear this.thank you My uber driver just forced me to sit on his lap and confess my sins to him .can I please get a refund Fml. Please delete this bro. I'm begging you You'll regret the shit out of that decision Please realize that I'm a broke loser and not a celebrity No I'm just your dad pissing off people from craigslist part 40 something Probably been asked a million times already but hottest kardashian/jenner?? New diet goal is to force myself to stop eating when I'm only really full instead of disgustingly full and debilitatingly sick Hit me with Netflix documentary suggestions fav this if ur an asian girl I get mediumkey uncomfortable when adult males tweet shit like I miss what we used to have or nothing hurts more than being ignored Someone point me in the direction of the Kent state freshmen with small appetites and high meal plan balances 8 things that are super relatable to college students (made this list extra relatable) Perfect day to squad up with a group of bros, oil each other up, and obnoxiously play a shirtless game of football in the middle of campus Been partying/having fun way too much lately. Gotta get my priorities straight & start focusing more on tweeting/pranking internet strangers Well my day is officially ruined Every girl needs a Tavion in her life You gotta bail and take the L Text a selfie with the caption so what do you think? to a random person in your phone who you never talk to and send me their response Marginally successful high school athletes are the most blessed people in the history of the world Strangely and pathetically turned on by this Hey 6 Olympic weights is WAY too many. Fans are getting bored with the watered down competition. Cut it down to 1.or 2 at most So excited to eat breakfast in the morning You're too silly, my dude Couldn't imagine going through that embarrassment I need one of my followers to do be a solid and pay for a pizza to be delivered to my house. Dm for address Part 4 comin soon Bout to play the game where I have people text their bf/gf awkward shit that could potentially ruin their relationship Doing a project on infant sleep patterns and not to be a creep (actually yes to be a creep) but does anyone have a human baby I can borrow? Monthly reminder that you are a 32 year old man People will like everything you post on social media but won't even hit you with a head nod or half smile when they see you in real life Jacob, I'm a huge fan but please don't make fun of others who aren't as talented and skillful as you Back at it with the Craigslist shenanigans My hotel is filled with Beliebers bc Justin bieber is performing here tonight. Hmu if u want the hook up on 12-16 y/o girls with rich dads The tinder girls in Vegas are really nice and generous for some reason MAJOR S/O to my roommate/friend #MikeDepalma for becoming an NCAA All American tonight! If you know him, you know how much he deserved it I could tweet my asshole is possessed by evil spirits and a white girl would tag her friend in it and say this is us Going to NYC this weekend and Vegas next week. Someone PayPal me like $5000 so I don't have to spend money wisely like a complete loser Daughter goals That means the world to me man. Sleep tight bro. Don't let the bed bugs bite, my dude Gotta throw one last endorsement to She's an okay person and an excellent leader. Go vote for her at Kent state students, make a good decision for once & go vote for and for elections today! Made one of those trendy college lists but it got rejected by every website because it isn't relatable enough Follow me on snapchat: cutekitten69 I'm on it right now People on Twitter do the MOST in their bios. Musician. Athlete. Entrepreneur. Model. Philanthropist .lmao stfu and go clock in at Wendy's . heard your money was low so I hooked you up with a job for next week What if middle aged facebook moms tried commenting like instagram girls This recipe fucking slays, Karen You and Bill are goals AF, Lisa Getting girl advice from dudes on Craigslist One of the most humbling experiences is looking the cashier in the eyes after paying for a $8 bottle of liquor with only dimes and nickels You'll be a WAY happier lady if you find someone who's absolutely nothing like me Girls who cant even successfully walk back to their dorm after frat parties love tweeting I just wanna travel the world & go on adventures Restaurants gotta start hiring me to write Yelp reviews for them I'd rather catch my girl cheating on me than singing on snapchat with the fast-forward filter on Blows my mind that there are real people who genuinely enjoy the taste of vodka Kent needs to bring back Thursday nights at Guacs S/o to white people for consistently tagging their white friends in my tweets and making me feel way more important than I actually am You're on the Internet pretending to be Bryson Tiller Always Sunny honestly might be the greatest work of art ever created Any Canadians follow me on here? People from high school who think definitely is spelled defiantly are on Facebook talking about why the presidential candidates are stupid Found an old vhs tape with homemade music videos. & KILLED it as Rihanna/panic at the disco/nickelback Maybe one day. For now, there's a website Offering dance lessons to Craigslist people A funny thing you can do if you're a Kent State student is substitute the word can't with kent bc those words are phonetically similar Monthly reminder that you are a 32 year old man MAJOR S/O to my extremely soft and fragile roommate for getting his 100th career win this weekend (D1 wrestling) Love keeping track of what other people's faces look like on a regular basis! Make sure you post a #selfie everyday so I can stay updated! The Babysitter Part 2 D1 Bound Top 3 Places to Take Instagram Pictures Maybe I'm too old and lame to understand but why does this video have 63 thousand retweets? Sounds like your mom needs more of me in her life jk I hate myself and I'm dead inside Definitely not true but I want everyone to see this compliment so I'm quoting it Pissing off people from Craigslist part 35 Lmao bro you wild for this one Stay far away from people who always tweet extremely vague sentence fragments with zero context like not in the mood or if only you knew My snapchats are extremely shitty but add me: cutekitten69 Seems like mad people from Iowa follow me on here.that state must have a dope ass sense of humor Imagine all the white kids who are going to make dj khaled themed prom proposal signs that say the to success is going to prom with me Biggest buzzkill is going out & seeing other people your age drinking in moderation, behaving appropriately and treating others with respect Do this.except with happy new year and send me the screenshots S/o to all the white people who are about to kill it with their squad and take snapchats with the caption it's lit all night I really gotta start puttin my name on this shit Is anyone who doesn't dislike me havin a party in Kent tomorrow? Crazy how much changes in one year Is this your girlfriend? I'm very confused about the context of this conversation Ok the game's officially over You broke the ice though. Keep em comin guys She just straight up doesn't love you Yeah you definitely are He's a smart man Lmao it's been a month but the young man was really considering it Ok stop sending me texts now unless you're doing the boyfriend one #2016Goals grow closer to God, stop being an immature piece of shit, find 1-3 good girls to settle down with Just ran over my 12 yr old cousin's hoverboard w/ my car (on purpose but acted like it was an accident) & now he's crying hysterically lmao I'm tryin to sneak myself into an all-girl group text.I feel like those convos get EXTRA filthy Keep the screenshots comin...I wanna see some girls participating in this game too My last 2 retweets are why I love Twitter sometimes Sending extremely creepy & personalized merry christmas texts to the random girls you met at a party 3-4 years ago & havent texted since I'll see something absurdly dumb tweeted at me and get confused then look at the persons bio and it will say freshman cheerleader at MHS&lt;3 There's a group of 16 year old girls in my mentions who legitimately think my last tweet is serious Not really my style but I'm tryin to bust out a few tweets about this WEATHER! December? *or nah* More like JULY RT if u cried laughing Kinda sad that people genuinely like the hypothetical douchebags I created in my head more than they like me Ok 1 more then I swear I'm chillin for at least a few days Who's gonna be in cancun for spring break this year? (Only respond if you're cool and important) Everyone else go check it out All of them are chillin on the front page of Im that guy who buys those sketchy 99 cent frozen pizzas that you see at the store & think to yourself who tf would ever buy that shit Dj khaled ate breakfast this morning, rested his lungs for a smooth 15 minutes, then went right to eating lunch I've been extra bored lately Help me make go viral on the inter webs I hope you feel like complete ass all day tomorrow because you stayed up all night reading my piece of shit tweets Every person dj khaled puts on his snapchat looks like they hate him & want to leave his presence immediately.even the 16 yr old white kid They don't want you to read my tweets. They DON't want you to read my tweets. Trust me. TRUST me. Bless up. Sending a is there anything I can still do for extra credit? email is like sending a miss you text to the girl u cheated on 3 months ago If one of my local followers buys me a bottle I'll let them drink it with me tonight You're gonna regret saying that when I google ur address & randomly show up at ur door step when u least expect it Every morning I wake up, look in the mirror, and ask myself that same exact question while flexing like a douche On the bright side, you probably have skills and talents that will actually get you somewhere in life Pissing off people from Craigslist Part 24 Noo! Mackenzie from Twitter doesn't think my tweet is funny. How do I bounce back from this?! College athletes who get no playing time love wearing their team gear 24/7 & going out of their way to let ppl know theyre a college athlete When I go to hell Im gonna be like wtf and God's gonna be like uh u literally spent ur entire life being a dick to innocent strangers Thank you for the additional information you added to my tweet, Liza Ellis. Really spiced it up Not gonna lie.you just completely destroyed my self esteem Thinking about renting a party bus for my birthday and then just taking it to a random Chipotle 50 miles away Bout to eat an absolutely disgusting and sinful amount of food today to make up for all the years I had to watch my weight on thanksgiving No that definitely makes you a worse person Texted a random hillbilly from Kentucky who was trying to buy geese on Craigslist I'm weak af fam how you come up with this shit?? Offering rides to Craigslist people Terrifying thought: imagine being a die-hard Browns fan. Like a real person who has season tickets & gets emotionally invested in each game Brewhouse (18 and over bar) had to call two...TWO (plural) police cars to come because the bouncer claimed that my ID was 100% fake Only person who could get some of the best wrestlers in the country to rock a scooby doo singlet. RIP Hate when the shitty 19 yr olds who work at campus food places act like its the BIGGEST hassle to make food for u. Thats ur JOB you dickhead Go patriots Hate when you cant tell if a girl has a boyfriend or not so u have to analyze months worth of her tweets & then make a scientific hypothesis No it's only me You automatically know if someone's a nursing major or fashion major because that's 90% of what they tweet about You just quoted my tweet with a link to my tweet? 100% don't fucking do that Does anyone else find it unreasonably difficult/impossible to find D1 wrestling results/brackets on the internet? PCB for spring break this year? Twitter Translations Part 3 (not a diss to anyone but if the shoe fits, slip it on) Girl in class responded to my online discussion post with Good point, but I disagree ...now I gotta roast the SOUL out of her debating ass Twitter Translations Part 3 (feat. Quincy from the football team and Bradley from Alpha Kappa) is almost complete Twitter translations #throwback #Part3ComingSoon Uh ohh!! Gotta retweet all your compliments so everyone knows you're an annoying douche with low self esteem I know a bunch of random kent state freshmen follow me on here. Do one of you want to swipe me with your meal plan? So excited for: Winter weather Unbearable wind chills Seasonal depression Debilitating frostbite Dry skin Severe pneumonia Dudes who submit collegefessions are the same dudes who wear those Nike slogan shirts that say shit like Im DOING WORK Netflix and eww wtf why do you have a boner? We're watching a Hitler documentary Just realized I haven't tweeted in over a week. Gotta get my life together and stop focusing on bullshit like school, family, and my health Has their ever been a girl who only mildly liked her sorority sisters or is it a requirement to be literally obsessed with all 87 of them You can't respond to my you goin out tonight? text with nah Im staying in ...I need at least 3 valid excuses to back that statement up Lol I don't give a shit.it was merely a tweet When a girl says Im fine Am I the only one who has no desire to play beer pong while holding an infant child in one arm? Texting someone and getting a who's this? response is God's way of reminding you that you aren't shit NCAA wrestling would be WAY better/more exciting if they switched to freestyle. Not an opinion, just facts If I let you cross the street in front of my car you better hit that speed walk/light jog motion or I'm dappin you up with my front bumper Is there still a bus that goes from Kent to the valley? You're stuck in the deepest, darkest trenches of the friendzone if you text a girl a compliment and she responds with aww thanks Imagine reaching a state of loneliness so deep that submitting this seemed like a reasonable idea Real friends don't hit you with the I already ate text.they go get food with you regardless of how full they are Girls love posting screenshots of texts they get from random creeps like they didn't willingly give those random creeps their number I have resting bitch face no you're just a regular bitch with facial expressions that accurately correspond with your personality Miley Cyrus looks like she smells like an expired tuna casserole that's been chilling in the back of your fridge for 3 months Taking shots when you're hungover is physically and mentally tougher than most sports I wonder if all the extremely weird couples from high school who used to have intense make out sessions in the hallways are still together Look at this little dumbass. Excited for literally no reason Starting off the school year on a high note 17k views on s/o to everyone who supports me being a dick head to innocent strangers If you studied abroad in Europe then you are automatically better/smarter/more cultured than everyone who hasn't studied abroad in Europe If u post a romantic pic of you & your boyfriend and none of ur friends comment goals or perfection then u gotta break up with him asap An old man just walked into jimmy johns, looked me dead in the eyes and said you look just like my grand daughter Kittens need sunshine and exercise too I heard Quincy from the football team put on 20 pounds of muscle over the summer So Netflix and chill actually means having sex and people over the age of 13 find this funny? Or is there more to the joke? Weekly reminder that you are a 32 year old man and not a 15 year old girl Love when people ask me if Im Kyle from Twitter ...you better believe it bitch. I was born and raised there If someone texts u can you do me a favor? you gotta wait 2+ hours to respond so they have ample time to find someone else to do the favor Snapchats from droid users look like they were filmed with a gameboy color Twitter peaked in 2012 when everyone was doing those #letsmakeitawkward tweets Bout to workout for the first time since my last wrestling practice (early March) If you go 3 weeks without posting a pic with your boyfriend then you're automatically single whether you like it or not Stop what you're doing and go watch wet hot american summer: first day of camp on Netflix Don't feel too honored.I'm a piece of shit in real life My goal in life is to love another person as much as wvu students love wvu People on the Internet are so mean :/ Girls who complain about fuckboys on twitter are the same girls who used to have shit like ~s(he's) br(ok)en~ in their AIM profile Quick reminder that Manti Teo staged a fictional death for his imaginary girlfriend You guys should play Bad Blood and See You Again more Not even the meekiest of mills can come back from that Top 3 Places to Take Instagram Pictures I literally have not one fucking idea what the stock market is When your Craigslist operation gets exposed by a 14 year old girl &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; You're 32 years old I'll pay someone to have a house party tonight Bandaids don't fix bullet holes, you say sorry just for show He would knock her out very quickly . stop cyber bullying drake :( Wonder what the success rate is for the dudes who tweet shit like someone hmu or anyone tryin to chill Back at it Imagine being a regular guy (adult male w/no major disabilities or deformities) who willingly pays $9.99/month ($120/year) for Tinder Plus #TweetLikeAnIncomingFreshmanGirl Just met my roommate at orientation and we have So much in common thank god and she's pretty#37days New merchandise available on my website (almost sold out) I would've grinded so much harder this year if the ESPY's had a best male college tweeter award This girl will probably never ask for a ride on Craigslist again Trying to get my son a job RT if I should go to jambo next weekend. Fav if I should go to the Clay Aiken concert in Denver, Colorado Just delivered an entire smorgasbord of jimmy johns subs to a group of doctors and collectively they tipped me a grand total of $0.00 Last tweet was supposed to be a Google search not a tweet Oprah+nude pics You're feeling stressed today because the mosquito bites on your face are actually herpes sores. More for Leo , We live in a world where grown men pay money for child porn that was filmed by other grown men. That's upsetting af People really need to stop texting me back Lmao S/o for the free feature-length documentary on snapchat Imagine being an adult with a normal size body but the head of a newborn baby lmao I need banned from the Internet Me af The Period Couch -- Look at this racist piece of shit This dude lost his patience with me REAL fast guys marryin dudes Posed as a woman looking for a babysitter for her 17 year old son -- Pissing off people from Craigslist again I voted for to win #BestFemaleAthlete Got a couple new blogs marinating in my laptop that need to be served to the public Had a blast at my sister's wedding this weekend.can't wait for her next one I'm legit about to quit my job at jimmy johns because of this tweet Wheeling Moundsville Shadyside St. Clairsville Back on my tinder game Just finished my first week as a jimmy johns delivery boy. S/o to all the haters who doubted me on my road to success. You're on the Internet pretending to be Macklemore American pharoah lowkey thick af Tryin to keep in touch with classmates from 2013 RIP fam Call me Caitlyn shit at least you callin If any of you high school grads are worried about starting college.my new blog top 5 tips for college freshmen is comin soon Lmao at lil s follower ratio Not drinking again til July 4th unless someone asks me to or peer pressures me in any way You got some wack ass titties if you expose them in your IG pic and none of your friends comment boobs Congrats to my bff D1 Academic All American Still haven't seen any of the footage from our Go Pro in panama and I'm not sure if I ever want to . I tried putting my bread bowl in the dish washer and it broke. Refund? A man with no legs just finished climbing mt kilimanjaro, what did u do this week? Walked to the bar Some killer deals going down on Facebook right now Any one else's limewire been slow af lately? I tried rebooting my Dell and everything Havin my college grad party at club zoo next saturday.everyone come thru Girls with dad bods plaxico burress with the shot boy Just put the finishing touches on Twitter translations part 2 Need electrolytes and forgiveness Single mothers, I'm comin for you tonight Slept through my entire graduation ceremony lol congrats to me tho Senior year is a wrap. Seems like just yesterday it was my freshman welcome weekend & I was crying in a jail cell at the Kent police station Take the weirdest night youve ever had and multiply it by 10 and that's the night I'm currently having Love the 20 y/o newly-converted atheists who already possess enough intelligence to scientifically disprove the existence of a higher power Someone stole my debit card and charged $800 to it today lol I respect the hustle but homie left my balance at negative 125 dollars That really might be the most stolen tweet of all time.my boys at gotta get me paid Bout to crash harder than Jeff Earnhardt at the Daytona 5,000 The real winner of the weekend is this May weather (75 degree temperatures) Please unfollow me and report me as spam Killed it with my girls last night nope. You just killed your family's data plan taking IG pics and horrible snapchats all night Don't respond to my late night what's up? text the next morning.I am no longer trying to acquire that information Your girl is away at college texting you finals week has me so stressed babe while she types a paper for Quincy from the football team Bout to run back one of my tweets from last semester Get your girl the apple watch for her birthday so she can favorite my tweets with just one simple flick of the wrist Hit my DMs if you have $500+ left on your meal plan Finally got both the Stieber brothers to follow me.this is a bigger day for me than my college graduation and my baptism combined Sending that what you doin text at 3:30am is like throwing a Hail Mary on 4th and 25 with 10 seconds left in the game . it's all love but your steak doubledilla tastes like absolute shit I'm being cyber bullied by a 10 year old girl if anyone wanted to feel better about themself I need to quit the bullshit and find 2-3 faithful girls to settle down with If you have green text bubbles then you aren't allowed to ignore my text. That's like a peasant turning down a dinner invite from a king Dudes who wear cologne to the library are the same dudes who comment shit like damn and wow on girls\\ Instagram pics I need someone to explain to me with bar graphs and pie charts why people from Ohio are so bad at driving Excited to announce that I'll be spending my summer in Guatemala doing charity work and teaching English to underprivileged kids! Not to sound like a creep but where's the best place in someone's bedroom to put a hidden spy camera without them noticing it?? I'd cut my sister out of my life if she gave me an IG shout out for national siblings day and it got less than 11 likes The weekend's here, the sun is shining, and my herpes outbreak cleared up. God is good. Finally lost my sex virginity Everyone RT this and help this little malnourished boy get his flashcard back! Lowkey nervous to even tweet anything now that I have 160 new followers to impress Lots of hard work and dedication got me here I'll give someone my Twitter account for their meal plan Hate when you lie to someone and they ask you a plethora of additional questions.just accept my lie and make it easier on both of us Frank kaminsky looks like the 25 year old dude who still goes to frat parties and creeps on all the freshmen girls If ur a girl whos been following me & favoriting my tweets for a year or more then u have to ask for my permission before u get a boyfriend Only going to flash fest if the chainsmokers apologize to everyone for making that let me take a selfie song Hi, I'm the Cleveland state Athletic Director. I support ISIS and think Hitler was good. #SaveCSUWrestling Chill week in panama.read some good books and got some much needed sun and relaxation Lowkey upset I haven been asked to prom yet Kentucky bout to get this tech fall Wvu is bout to get that WORK Ass on Panama City but the face look just like Steubenville, ohio $20 to whoever scoops me from the pcb airport tomorrow at 11am If ur trying to get a hold of (you aren't) he can't respond bc his phone got pickpocketed in St. Louis (he made me tweet this) The most controversial scoring debacle in ANY sport all year happened 2day in St Louis if u guys ever get tired of covering basketball What would Jesus do? #GiveIanTheWin Finally got around to responding to facebook messages from 2010 Congrats to my boy on the national title! Wrote a new blog.check it out Perfect day for a run! Except jk because running is a god awful activity that is horrible regardless of the weather Tryin to cop a 3 way Excitement levels for spring break are reaching treacherous heights My roommate ( has never heard of Ed Sheeran and doesn't think Selena Gomez is hot...please block him/report him as spam Who needs a boyfriend when you have netflix - girl who uses her ex boyfriend's netflix account while cuddling the teddy bear he bought her Nick was the MAN, regardless of whether he gets national attention or not, he was still one of the greatest guys I've ever met Valedictorian, D1 wrester, genuine person and role model #getnickstoryonsportscenter You have multiple STDs if you think that dress is white and gold . having a rough day bro. If you RT this I'll stop treating my mom like shit. PLEASE man...I'm a tremendous fan The Browns are putting in WORK this offseason. Changing their team color from orange to a slightly different shade of orange? POWER move Crazy how life works sometimes. RIP Talking to God before bed is the best natural sleep aid Putting other peoples phone numbers under craigslist ads for free Nickelback tickets will never get old Jet fuel doesn't burn at high enough temperatures to melt molten steel; 9/11 was an inside j. More for Libra Happy 22nd life will only get worse and worse from here until you die Still got it Wearing shorts to class so everyone can see my new neon Huf socks.if I freeze to death it will be in the name of swag instagram needs more pics of adorable grandmothers Drake most certainly did not disappoint pour one out for moondog's bicycle Killing 2 birds with 1 stone would be difficult AF Has anyone ever tried fresco? Kind of want to eat there but I never see anyone tweeting about it so I'm a little skeptical Can't believe peasants on my timeline are talking down upon the goddess who blessed the earth with Red and 1989 Any tweet slandering Taylor swift is automatically spam Huge congrats to everyone who got nominated for the beautiful women challenge.first step on the road to a successful modeling career Would you still be able to survive if you weren't being showered with massive amounts of attention at all times? Bout to accidentally mass email my entire online physics class a picture of me flexing katy perry more like bae-ty perry. I spent the entire first half coming up with this tweet I'd rather catch my son taking acid than taking a shirtless mirror pic Been at bingo for 3 minutes She just wanna vape and hug I said girl that's all that we do almost drowned in her smile so I swam to her heart Now your girl can send unlimited worry-free snapchat selfies to Quincy from the football team Bday at midnight...my BFFs better have them Instagram collages on deck and ready to post Who took my saving private ryan dvd out of the box and replaced it with sisterhood of the traveling pants? Not even mad that's a fair trade I can make the white girls hood for a weekend I'd rather my daughter be a pornstar than one of those girls who posts 100 second snapchat stories of herself singing/screaming at the bar Your girl sent you that good morning text while laying in bed with Quincy from the football team. More for Scorpio Witnessed a friendzone hall of famer on campus today use how come we never hang out? and can I get a hug? in the same conversation Having my 22nd bday party next monday at the Eastway bowling alley. Fav if ur coming so my mom knows how many cupcakes she should bake Waited 3 hours for American sniper to download to my computer and it ended up being a porno It's 2015.If the last pic you posted with your boyfriend was 6+ weeks ago then you are single by default whether you like it or not Instagram needs a I hate you but the food in this picture looks delicious af button This golden girls marathon on the hallmark channel is too clutch right now Time for the dudes who played jv in high school to get on twitter and criticize the best college players in the nation Sometimes you gotta deactivate your twitter for a week and reevaluate your entire life I wake up every morning and pray that I don't hear Happy by pharrell on accident I knew it was impossible to be faithful in a relationship ever since corey matthews cheated on topanga with the girl from the ski lodge The ultimate struggle is not being able to watch Gossip Girl because too many people are on your netflix account Gotta get my life together and start making fun of people on twitter again Entering 2015 with no kids, felonies, or major STDs #2014Memories when I took a nap then woke up and ate 3 hot pockets.smh year been wild We have signed free agent running back Ray Rice. Smh Clogged the toilet at sheetz and walked out like django when he blew up the slave mansion 2014 memories Hey Arnold's grandma was gone off that loud pack in every episode People on instagram put the most unnecessary hashtags Christmas with the fam #Christmas #Family #WeBad #MomsAMilf #TurnUp #RIPGrandmaTho My grandma got me a wooden flute for christmas? Keep your raisin filled christmas cookies far away from me and my loved ones Don't be mad if your girl makes a cameo appearance in my 2014 memories flipagram video #TweetLikeEveryCollegeGirl everyone my age is out getting engaged and having kids and Im over here like pizza is bae Doing things and going to stuff &lt;&lt;&lt; When she has vowels AND consonants in her name Girls with perfect SAT scores and a soft heart Mack McGuire is officially suspended from using my aux cord for playing turn down for what 2 times in the same car ride AYY ITS ME your friend from high school who spent more time in 2014 rolling blunts than I did in church. Check out my new bible verse tattoo If I like your pic from 138 weeks ago that isn't me being a creep that's just me motivating you to lose the weight you put on since then Can't wait til I have a full time job so I can do cool shit like buy the ad free version of trivia crack for $2.99 Really wish the emo female version of me was happier Young buck didn't even let that tweet sit for 30 minutes before he decided to steal it The people who comment photo creds on pics are the same people who bought a varsity jacket even tho they sat the bench the entire season Hope you get the job man wtf I have to take my entire exam over again because I accidentally used a No.1 pencil on the scantron All I want is for someone to actually care about what I want. My feelings. It's like no one knows what unconditional love is anymore. Don't steal my tweet and only get 3 favs on it...now we both look bad If your girl has trivia crack questions in her google search history then she's cheating on you too screaming, crying, perfect storms i can make all the tables turn Blocking anyone who tweets A on my final and I didn't even study because they are an academic god and I don't deserve to see their tweets Your is girl is away at college texting you finals week has me so stressed babe while she types a paper for Quincy from the football team . can you play jealous by nick Jonas on repeat for the next 9 hours? If you were thinking about bringing your girl to the slums of wheeling, west virginia...think again Nash Grier modeling for Aeropostale is like if nickelback made a song featuring Pitbull Save chris A guy in the library elevator just said got the elevator goin up on a tuesday and now my entire day is ruined Is there a creep out there who actually delivers girls food when they tweet shit like if someone brings me ice cream I'll love you forever Adam levine howling like a wolf on Animals is the most baller shit ever done by a music artist since Beethoven composed Symphony No. 9 Girls don't know football *catches brick and breaks it over head* Had my license since 2009 and I've parallel parked a total of zero times any tweet like you should be thankful every day of the year not just on thanksgiving will get u served a freshly cooked holiday unfollow The kids from high school who smoked meth in the bathroom and had 0.4 gpas are on facebook talking about the ignorance of America The rioters in Fergustan need to chill lol keep following me for more political opinions . how do u make the bad guys good for a weekend? i dont want my uncle ralph to make fun of me at thanksgiving again this year If pitbull reproduced with iggy azalea their kid would come out as a piece of literal shit covered in herpes Someone made a g-rated parody account of me...what a time to be alive If none of your friends commented literal perfection on your IG selfie then it sucks Keep the starter pack tweets comin! Especially the ones of your friend that no one knows.this is very important for me/all of twitter Monday movie night is for the young college kids...I don't have the energy for those types of strenuous activities anymore How to be a total badass in the snow 1.wear nike shorts/matching neon socks 2.Carry your protein shaker even tho it could fit in ur backpack True innovation When cutting weight gets hard I remind myself that some ppl my age have to go to class hungover & study while their favorite tv show is on just herd the sickest pump up song it's called remebmer the name by fort miner...ur welcome Just emailed my mom a holiday themed power point presentation of my christmas list (I'm 21 years old) My ear looks like an evil fetus smh Steal my girl by one direction is an absolute banger and anyone who tries to debate me is getting blocked/reported as spam She wanna favorite ks tweets but not every day It would be so Cleveland if the cavs got blown out tonight There should be a haunted house where local rappers from ur high school pop out at you and ask u to download their mixtape on soundcloud The smell of new weave in the morning Some tweets you gotta delete right after you press send Can't wait til everyone who didn't forward my Halloween chain letter text has bad luck forever i'd Rather have type 2 diabetes than type 2 more pages of this essay On my way to help ur girl with her chemistry homework Keep burning couches morgantown.I'm cool with any west virginia stereotype that doesn't involve fornicating with family members Your girl is away at college texting you Im at church babe ttyl while she cooks breakfast for Chad and all of his frat brothers heard u good with them chapped lips Gotta retweet your compliments so everyone knows you're a douche I need a chef with benefits Ebola was in akron? I lowkey feel bad for Ebola Get that ebola plane out of me and lebron's geographic region asap Love transformation tuesday...so crazy how some people's physical appearance changes as they get older Don't call me just text me so I have ample time to think of quality ways to lie to you Drake needs to bless us with a new album so I have something to cry to while I wait for my windshield to defrost in the morning Waitress said enjoy your meal and I accidentally said you too so now I have to share my food with her :( Strawberry is like kiwi's overprotective mom who won't let her son move out and be a flavor on his own lol this is the greatest tweet ever Love my home state My mans Gary comin through with the pie graph at creepily impressive speeds I need to explain to me with pie charts and z-scores how they manage to run out of avocado every time I go there Phone's broken so everyone please talk to me on here bc idk how to survive without being spoon fed massive amounts of attention at all times Paparazzi caught me slippin Just slithered over to facebook for my monthly checkup and adult males are still doing truth is statuses in the year 2014 These frigid temperatures snuck up on us with the slyness of a wild U2 album You gotta be at the rockiest depths of rock bottom to post anyone tryin to chill? on facebook Iphone charger at that fatal point where i have to set my phone down at an exact geometric angle just to catch a charge Anyone who makes a someone wake up green day joke tonight will be reported as spam Acme is such a phonetically unappealing name for a grocery store Emailing back people who asked for notes in 2011 never stop making vines Bout to deny that free medium coffee and pay for a large so the bitches in dunkin donuts know precisely what's good with my bank account Just downloaded panic at the disco's new album on limewire! hit the cell if u wanna come over and listen.my mom can pick you up Girl last night told me she loves my tweets but she doesn't follow me because she only follows people if they follow her first U2 album still loitering in my music library but not a single decibel of it has escaped my headphones and touched upon my ear drums My yik yaks keep getting negative points :/ When you see your crush tweeting but she didnt reply to the telegraph you sent her 230 years ago Praying for all the sorority girls who risked their lives for recruitment this week The people who give out parking tickets are the same people who would write why aren't I in your top friends lol on your MySpace wall You're a pedophile if you don't toast your sub at subway Call it old fashioned but I still think its cute when someone sends you a carrier pigeon that says ur entire village was hit by the Plague If you willingly purchase and consume one of those gas station ham & cheese sandwiches ur a serial killer with human asses in ur freezer U2 album just chillin in my music library like that group of dudes from the different high school that randomly showed up to your party Smh I gotta stop letting the little shit like family, friends, school, morals, and my health stop me from focusing on what's important Kent parking services will camp out at your meter and hit you with a ticket the exact nanosecond it runs out The iphone 6 has 3x faster wifi so your girl can access my tweets at lightning speeds Gotta get rid of it some how Ben roethlisberger looks like he sits on public toilets without cleaning the pee off the seat Drake's textin Jennifer lawrence right now like you're way prettier wearing a dress and a smile :( Your girl is away at college textin you Im so bored babe I need you here while Bradley the frat boy does body shots off her True white girls wake up after a regretful night and pray to their Marilyn Monroe posters Four loko is for the kids who used to come to school with dried up toothpaste on the side of their mouth Looking the person who gave you the water cup dead in the eyes and filling it with lemonade If anyone was wondering I still can't use kent state internet because I illegally downloaded moves like jagger freshman year Perfect attendance so far this school year Beyonce's sweat probably tastes like an ice cold strawberry lemonade on a hot summer day People who think Miley Cyrus looks better than Ariana grande are the same people who go to chipotle and get tacos Breakfast food and blue gatorade must be located and acquired Who said romance was dead Lot of chill ass fitness dudes who just so happen to be running shirtless through campus on move in day Get out me car-ing Syracuse class of 18 accepted me into their private facebook group...that was a mistake Don't Text My Phone Dis Time Of Da Night Unless U Bout Dat Action... Awkward moment when you're a college senior and have to call ur mom for your social security number This is bout to be relevant again So nervous to start 16th grade Robin Williams nailed funny and serious roles.I woulda sacrificed some of my happiness for a legend like him Hate delivering bad news :/ Just thought of a hilarious shark week tweet...dropping it at midnight spread the word Kent's the place to be tonight Only 1790s babies will know this struggle *rides horse-drawn covered wagon 200 miles to see bae but u cant touch her cuz she has smallpox Bout to sell myself as a homecoming date on craigslist Fav if you have a screenshot of one of my tweets saved to your phone Someone in wheeling take me out to dinner Parents are gone for the week if anyone wants to come over and kiss or bake desserts Weekends here No man or woman with long term goals is rolling their window down and ordering food from a long john silvers #TweetLikeAWhitegirl Halloween, Cuddling, Pumpkin lattes, Hoodies, Uggs, Kissing my dog under the stars, Bonfires...SO EXCITED FOR FALL They should make cell phones for animals lol unfollow me I ran out of funny things to tweet Nathan for you is the greatest show of all time #TweetLikeAnIncomingFreshmanGirl So done with the drama and immature people. Ready to move on with my life already...42 days till move in Saw hundreds of people I knew this weekend but only took pics with random old women ? Photo gallery looking very very not normal ?? who hijacked my phone and texted my mom last night I gotta get a copyright on that tweet who needs a boyfriend when u have pizza - girl who only finishes 1/2 a slice then cries herself to sleep bc she's single & lonely Need a valley view band #PimpMyRideUpgrades Yo dawg we know ur 95 Ford Taurus has been givin u engine problems but we put a pool table & a hot tub in yo back seat! When the girl at chipotle is wrapping your burrito up terribly and you can't reach over the counter and choke her out &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; When u come to America and realize your parents aren't there to make u do homework Everyone's tweets are terrible No one tries harder at anything than high school campers when they get to wrestle the college guys Did any of my followers eat food today My daughter is gonna be mad as shit when her name is Lebron I love you all of my kids will be conceived at Cavs games and I'm naming them all Lebron James even if theyre girls #Believeland Let's goo.just ran into Super Fan at Huntington bank and she guaranteed a national title for kent state football Lebron, wiggins, irving, manziel, Alfredo gray, machine gun kelly...Cleveland is about to be THAT city I didn't graduate from Beep Beep driving school with a 4.0 for cops to be pulling me over just bc I was goin 80 in a 35 I just slept 3.00 hrs with Nike+. #nikeplus If my daughter ever wants to go out at night im making her write me a 20 page persuasive essay in MLA format on why she deserves to have fun Girls are really good at using emojis to make them being a loser look like a cool thing I literally don't have any friends Worst type of people 1. Nazis 2. Child Rapists 3. People who send you a snapchat then put it on their story too The people who RT their birthday wishes are the same ppl who used to get participation medals and wear them around for the rest of the day #PimpMyRideUpgrades YO DOG WE HEARD HOW MUCH U LIKE SLEEPING SO WE PUT A TEMPUR-PEDIC MATTRESS IN UR CAR SO U CAN TAKE A NAP WHILE U DRIVE Your girl cheated on you last night at the luke bryan concert. More for Sagittarius Think I got second hand syphilis from being out in cleveland last night smh everyone please pray for me I been steph curry with the tweets, been cookin up the heat, chef curry with the tweets boy Bonfire at my house tonight (not an invite, don't come) Happy father's Day to all my dads Yung tony hawk Got my other chick huggin on my other chick Giving campus tours to incoming freshmen today from 1:00 til whenever they realize I'm not a real tour guide J-Colesterol RT MyPotnaB: Schoolboy Q'doba RT meek meal Dj Khaled looks like the type of dude to come to ur house & take the last ice cream sandwich then leave the empty box chillin in the freezer I'm makin my aunt square up next thanksgiving if she spams my facebook with 1 more game invite #IncomingFreshmanAdvice 1. Dont go to class 2. PARTY WITH SLUTS tank 3. Snapback 4. Talk about all the D1 football offers that u declined Whos in morgantown Ariana grande looks so good I can almost guarantee she's never taken a single shit in her entire life Spurs gonna get this W and Tim Duncan is gonna go home and celebrate with a crossword puzzle and some werthers originals My money's low as shit I gotta start selling good morning texts again Asked the girl at mcdonalds drive thru if I could have brontosaurus eggs on my mcgriddle & she said I doubt it let me ask my manager smh You gotta go to her IG page & like only the pics that she isnt in so she becomes insecure about her physical appearance 20 hill sprints with a john Deere tractor tied to my back and 2 raw tyrannosaurus eggs for breakfast #morningrind Biggest buzz kill of all time is that anti smoking commercial with the bald robot lady that talks out of its neck hole Literally the best thing in life is coming home after a long day and taking off your bra and putting on a sports bra, or just being braless You gotta RT a bible verse after you tweet something ignorant so people know you aren't a complete asshole Rather my waitress look good and screw up my entire order than be ugly and give me amazing service Looking for a roommate who will be cool with me practicing wizard spells late into the night. Help me out I'm sneakin my neighbors dog a Hershey bar in the morning if it goes on another barking spree tonight Next time this fat redneck at work says the sky when I say what's up Im stealing his lunch from the fridge Paul George wouldn't miss a dead relative smh I'll pay for someone's gas if they come over and take instagram pictures of me posing in my new outfit Asked the grocery store bakery lady If I could get 2 free cookies for my lil brothers & she said I know u dont have any brothers Kyle You gotta RT your compliments so everyone knows you have low self esteem Dont text me some childish bullshit like wyd if you're gonna get pissed when I respond with nmjcamhotcwtaesfwyd Nothing motivates me more than checking a social network and seeing a bodybuilding dude posted a pic of his daily muscle progress My man Ian walked through university nationals like it was a field of daffodils on a warm summer day Ripping your bracket off the wall and eating it in front of ur opponent Those color run things would be sick if you didn't have to do the running part Worst moment of my life is either when boobie miles tore his ACL or when topanga's parents got a divorce and she broke up with Cory Top 5 pet peeve is when people say stuff like enjoy life while u still can .I'll enjoy that shit til Im dead Biggest fear in life is my wife getting really fat mid marriage Lady workin the kitchen at sheetz gave me tude like I wont go in tomorrow and order $200 worth of food then bounce I'm afraid to lose love but even more afraid to love again Join me tomorrow in Duluth, Minnesota for a #MAGA Rally! Tickets: #CHANGETHELAWS Now is the best opportunity ever for Congress to change the ridiculous and obsolete laws on immigr We must always arrest people coming into our Country illegally. Of the 12,000 children, 10,000 are being sent by th Democrats are the problem. They dont care about crime and want illegal immigrants, no matter how bad they may be, If you dont have Borders, you dont have a Country! Crime in Germany is up 10% plus (officials do not want to report these crimes) since migrants were accepted. Others I cant think of something more concerning than a law enforcement officer suggesting that their going to use their Comey gave Strozk his marching orders. Mueller is Comeys best friend. Witch Hunt! If President Obama (who got nowhere with North Korea and would have had to go to war with many millions of people It is the Democrats fault for being weak and ineffective with Boarder Security and Crime. Tell them to start thinki CHANGE THE LAWS! Children are being used by some of the worst criminals on earth as a means to enter our country. Has anyone been lo We dont want what is happening with immigration in Europe to happen with us! The people of Germany are turning against their leadership as migration is rocking the already tenuous Berlin coali Why dont the Democrats give us the votes to fix the worlds worst immigration laws? Where is the outcry for the ki The highest level of bias Ive ever witnessed in any law enforcement officer. Trey Gowdy on the FBIs own, Peter The Democrats should get together with their Republican counterparts and work something out on Border Security & Sa Why was the FBIs sick loser, Peter Strzok, working on the totally discredited Mueller team of 13 Angry & Conflicte Why was the FBI giving so much information to the Fake News Media. They are not supposed to be doing that, and know WITCH HUNT! There was no Russian Collusion. Oh, I see, there was no Russian Collusion, so now they look for obstruc Washington Post employees want to go on strike because Bezos isnt paying them enough. I think a really long strike Our economy is perhaps BETTER than it has ever been. Companies doing really well, and moving back to America, and j The denuclearization deal with North Korea is being praised and celebrated all over Asia. They are so happy! Over h Holding back the war games during the negotiations was my request because they are VERY EXPENSIVE and set a bad l Funny how the Fake News, in a coordinated effort with each other, likes to say I gave so much to North Korea beca Daniel Henninger of The Wall Street Journal: This IG Report makes it clear, as did Rod Rosensteins memo, that Tru Please clear up the Fake News! Chuck Schumer said the Summit was what the Texans call all cattle and no hat. Thank you Chuck, but are you sure y The IG Report totally destroys James Comey and all of his minions including the great lovers, Peter Strzok and Lisa My supporters are the smartest, strongest, most hard working and most loyal that we have seen in our countries hist Democrats can fix their forced family breakup at the Border by working with Republicans on new legislation, for a c Great discussions with European Union Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker and EU Council President Donald Tusk The Fake News Media said that I did not get along with other Leaders at the #G7Summit in Canada. They are once agai I have a great relationship with Angela Merkel of Germany, but the Fake News Media only shows the bad photos (imply Ive had to beat 17 very talented people including the Bush Dynasty, then I had to beat the Clinton Dynasty, and no Wow, what a tough sentence for Paul Manafort, who has represented Ronald Reagan, Bob Dole and many other top politi The Democrats are forcing the breakup of families at the Border with their horrible and cruel legislative agenda. A Donald Trump was 100% right to fire James Comey. Mark Levin Why in the world didnt Barack Obama fire this guy (Comey)? asks Mark Levin! Wow, the highest rated (by far) morning show, is on the Front Lawn of the White House. Maybe Ill h U.S.A. Jobs numbers are the BEST in 44 years. If my opponent (the Democrats) had won the election, they would have Thank you for all of the compliments on getting the World Cup to come to the U.S.A., Mexico and Canada. I worked ha The IG Report is a total disaster for Comey, his minions and sadly, the FBI. Comey will now officially go down as t FBI Agent Peter Strzok, who headed the Clinton & Russia investigations, texted to his lover Lisa Page, in the IG Re Happy #FlagDay Happy 243rd Birthday to the Thank you for your bravery, sacrifices, and dedication to the U.S.A. We love y ...Schneiderman, who ran the Clinton campaign in New York, never had the guts to bring this ridiculous case, which The sleazy New York Democrats, and their now disgraced (and run out of town) A.G. Eric Schneiderman, are doing ever So, the Democrats make up a phony crime, Collusion with the Russians, pay a fortune to make the crime sound real, i Now that I am back from Singapore, where we had a great result with respect to North Korea, the thought process mus The Republican Party is starting to show very big numbers. People are starting to see what is being done. Results a Congratulations to on his huge win in North Dakota. We need Kevin in the Senate, and I strongly endors Congratulations to Danny Tarkanian on his big GOP primary win in Nevada. Danny worked hard an got a great result. Looking good in November! Senator Claire McCaskill of the GREAT State of Missouri flew around in a luxurious private jet during her RV tour o So funny to watch the Fake News, especially NBC and CNN. They are fighting hard to downplay the deal with North Kor Oil prices are too high, OPEC is at it again. Not good! The U.S., together with Mexico and Canada, just got the World Cup. Congratulations - a great deal of hard work! We save a fortune by not doing war games, as long as we are negotiating in good faith - which both sides are! Before taking office people were assuming that we were going to War with North Korea. President Obama said that Nor Just landed - a long trip, but everybody can now feel much safer than the day I took office. There is no longer a N Congratulations to Corey Stewart for his great victory for Senator from Virginia. Now he runs against a total stiff Robert De Niro, a very Low IQ individual, has received too many shots to the head by real boxers in movies. I watch My political representatives didnt want me to get involved in the Mark Sanford primary thinking that Sanford would A year ago the pundits & talking heads, people that couldnt do the job before, were begging for conciliation and p The World has taken a big step back from potential Nuclear catastrophe! No more rocket launches, nuclear testing or I want to thank Chairman Kim for taking the first bold step toward a bright new future for his people. Our unpreced There is no limit to what NoKo can achieve when it gives up its nuclear weapons and embraces commerce & engagement It's time for another #MAGA rally. Join me in Duluth, Minnesota on Wednesday, June 20th at 6:30pm! Tickets Here is the video, A Story of Opportunity that I shared with Kim Jong-un at the #SingaporeSummit Heading back home from Singapore after a truly amazing visit. Great progress was made on the denuclearization of No Mark Sanford has been very unhelpful to me in my campaign to MAGA. He is MIA and nothing but trouble. He is better I strongly endorse Adam Laxalt for Governor of Nevada. Adam is smart, works hard, and knows how to win. He will be Our Great Larry Kudlow, who has been working so hard on trade and the economy, has just suffered a heart attack. He Just won big Supreme Court decision on Voting! Great News! The fact that I am having a meeting is a major loss for the U.S., say the haters & losers. We have our hostages, te Stock Market up almost 40% since the Election, with 7 Trillion Dollars of U.S. value built throughout the economy. Meetings between staffs and representatives are going well and quickly...but in the end, that doesnt matter. We w Thank you Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong! Sorry, we cannot let our friends, or enemies, take advantage of us on Trade anymore. We must put the American worker first! Great to be in Singapore, excitement in the air! ...Germany pays 1% (slowly) of GDP towards NATO, while we pay 4% of a MUCH larger GDP. Does anybody believe that m ...And add to that the fact that the U.S. pays close to the entire cost of NATO-protecting many of these same coun Why should I, as President of the United States, allow countries to continue to make Massive Trade Surpluses, as th Fair Trade is now to be called Fool Trade if it is not Reciprocal. According to a Canada release, they make almost PM Justin Trudeau of Canada acted so meek and mild during our meetings only to give a news conference after I l Based on Justins false statements at his news conference, and the fact that Canada is charging massive Tariffs to I am on my way to Singapore where we have a chance to achieve a truly wonderful result for North Korea and the Worl The United States will not allow other countries to impose massive Tariffs and Trade Barriers on its farmers, worke Just left the Summit in beautiful Canada. Great meetings and relationships with the six Country Leaders especia Just met the new Prime Minister of Italy, a really great guy. He will be honored in Washington, a Henry McMaster loves the people of South Carolina and was with me from the beginning. He is strong on Crime and Bor . Press Briefing in Charlevoix, Canada, prior to departing for Singapore! My thoughts and prayers are with the families of our serviceman who was killed and his fellow servicemen who were w I am heading for Canada and the G-7 for talks that will mostly center on the long time unfair trade practiced again Congratulations to the Washington Capitals on their GREAT play and winning the Stanley Cup Championship. Alex Ovech Looking forward to straightening out unfair Trade Deals with the G-7 countries. If it doesnt happen, we come out even better! Canada charges the U.S. a 270% tariff on Dairy Products! They didnt tell you that, did they? Not fair to our farmers! Obama, Schumer and Pelosi did NOTHING about North Korea, and now weak on Crime, High Tax Schumer is telling me what Why isnt the European Union and Canada informing the public that for years they have used massive Trade Tariffs an Prime Minister Trudeau is being so indignant, bringing up the relationship that the U.S. and Canada had over the ma Please tell Prime Minister Trudeau and President Macron that they are charging the U.S. massive tariffs and create Great day of meetings with Prime Minister of Japan! PM Abe and I are also working to improve the trading relationship between the U.S. and Japan, something we have to Today, I am greatly honored to welcome my good friend, PM Abe of Japan to the Over the past 16 months Its my great honor to welcome Prime Minister back to the $3 billion payoff: 101 utilities cut rates, credit GOP tax cuts Total jobless claims running at lowest level in 44 years MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! The Obama Administration is now accused of trying to give Iran secret access to the financial system of the United When will people start saying, thank you, Mr. President, for firing James Comey? Our Justice Department must not let Awan & Debbie Wasserman Schultz off the hook. The Democrat I.T. scandal is a ke Looking forward to seeing my friend Prime Minister of Japan at noon. Will be discussing North Korea and Trade. How could Jeff Flake, who is setting record low polling numbers in Arizona and was therefore humiliatingly forced o When and where will all of the many conflicts of interest be listed by the 13 Angry Democrats (plus) working on the Alan Dershowitz, Harvard Law Professor: It all proves that we never needed a Special Counsel...All of this could Good luck to Alice Johnson. Have a wonderful life! Isnt it Ironic? Getting ready to go to the G-7 in Canada to fight for our country on Trade (we have the worst trad Thank you to everyone at HQ for todays briefing on preparations for the upcoming hurricane season. Disaster We must always protect those who protect us. Today, it was my great honor to sign the #VAMissionAct and to make Vet Today we mark another milestone: the 74th anniversary of #DDay, the Allied invasion of Normandy. On June 6, 1944, m Congratulations to Dana Rohrabacher on his big California win. We are proud of you Dana! Many more Republican voters showed up yesterday than the Fake News thought possible. The political pundits just don .Four reporters spotted Melania in the White House last week walking merrily along to a meeting. They never repor The Fake News Media has been so unfair, and vicious, to my wife and our great First Lady, Melania. During her recov Gold Star father, Ceejay Metcalf, whose great son Michael was just honored at the White House, was fantastic this m Great night for Republicans! Congratulations to John Cox on a really big number in California. He can win. Even Fak Mitch McConnell announced he will cancel the Senates August Recess. Great, maybe the Democrats will finally get so ...The greatest Witch Hunt in political history! .This is a level of criminality beyond the pale. This is such a grave abuse of power and authority, its like not Chris Farrell, Judicial Watch. They were running an operation to undermine a candidate for President of the U.S. T Great interview by with Chris Farrell of Judicial Watch concerning the governments counter-intelligence o Wow, Strzok-Page, the incompetent & corrupt FBI lovers, have texts referring to a counter-intelligence operation in Imagine how much wasteful spending wed save if we didnt have Chuck and Nancy standing in our way! For years, Demo The HISTORIC Rescissions Package weve proposed would cut $15,000,000,000 in Wasteful Spending! We are getting our government back on track. Terrific new book out by the wonderful Harris Faulkner, 9 Rules of Engagement. Harris shares lessons from a military family. Enjoy! Senator of Mississippi has done everything necessary to Make America Great Again! Get out and vote for Vote for Congressman Devin Nunes, a true American Patriot the likes of which we rarely see in our modern day world. Get the vote out in California today for Rep. Kevin McCarthy and all of the great GOP candidates for Congress. Keep In High Tax, High Crime California, be sure to get out and vote for Republican John Cox for Governor. He will make a BIG difference! Separating families at the Border is the fault of bad legislation passed by the Democrats. Border Security laws sho ... and Champion were recently at the White House. It was a great day for a great sport! Meeting in Singapore with North Korea will hopefully be the start of something big.we will soon see! The Russian Witch Hunt Hoax continues, all because Jeff Sessions didnt tell me he was going to recuse himself.I We have had many Championship teams recently at the White House including the Chicago Cubs, Houston Astros, Pittsbu We will proudly be playing the National Anthem and other wonderful music celebrating our Country today at 3 P.M., T The U.S. has an increased economic value of more than 7 Trillion Dollars since the Election. May be the best econom What is taking so long with the Inspector Generals Report on Crooked Hillary and Slippery James Comey. Numerous de The Philadelphia Eagles Football Team was invited to the White House. Unfortunately, only a small number of players Big Supreme Court ruling for Baker just out! In many ways this is the greatest economy in the HISTORY of America and the best time EVER to look for a job! The Fake News Media is desperate to distract from the economy and record setting economic numbers and so they keep #500Days of American Greatness: The appointment of the Special Counsel is totally UNCONSTITUTIONAL! Despite that, we play the game because I, unlik Farmers have not been doing well for 15 years. Mexico, Canada, China and others have treated them unfairly. By the The U.S. has made such bad trade deals over so many years that we can only WIN! China already charges a tax of 16% on soybeans. Canada has all sorts of trade barriers on our Agricultural products. Not acceptable! As has been stated by numerous legal scholars, I have the absolute right to PARDON myself, but why would I do that This is the best time EVER to look for a job. James Freeman of WSJ.We had Repeal & Replace done (and the saving to our country of one trillion dollars) except for one person, but This is my 500th. Day in Office and we have accomplished a lot - many believe more than any President in his first Mark Penn Why are there people from the Clinton Foundation on the Mueller Staff? Why is there an Independent Coun ...Paul Manafort came into the campaign very late and was with us for a short period of time (he represented Ronal As only one of two people left who could become President, why wouldnt the FBI or Department of Justice have tol Jesse Watters The only thing Trump obstructed was Hillary getting to the White House. So true! When youre almost 800 Billion Dollars a year down on Trade, you cant lose a Trade War! The U.S. has been ripped o Why is it that the Wall Street Journal, though well meaning, never mentions the unfairness of the Tariffs routinely The United States must, at long last, be treated fairly on Trade. If we charge a country ZERO to sell their goods, There was No Collusion with Russia (except by the Democrats). When will this very expensive Witch Hunt Hoax ever en Real is doing great, Fake News CNN is dead! Very surprised that China would be doing this? Now this is a record that will never be broken! ...$17 million spent, its a scam Investigation. Americans are being worked. We now know there was Russian collus John Brennan, no single figure in American history has done more to discredit the intelligence community than this We ran out of words to describe how good the jobs numbers are. Neil Irwin of the Today, it was my great honor to be with the brave men and women of the United States Coast Guard! Canada has treated our Agricultural business and Farmers very poorly for a very long period of time. Highly restric Looking forward to seeing the employment numbers at 8:30 this morning. Why arent they firing no talent Samantha Bee for the horrible language used on her low ratings show? A total doubl A.P. has just reported that the Russian Hoax Investigation has now cost our government over $17 million, and going FAIR TRADE! Will be giving a Full Pardon to Dinesh DSouza today. He was treated very unfairly by our government! Very good meetings with North Korea. Not that it matters but I never fired James Comey because of Russia! The Corrupt Mainstream Media loves to keep pus The corrupt Mainstream Media is working overtime not to mention the infiltration of people, Spies (Informants), int Iger, where is my call of apology? You and ABC have offended millions of people, and they demand a response. How is RUSH LIMBAUGH If the FBI was so concerned, and if they werent targeting Trump, they should have told Trump. If t The recusal of Jeff Sessions was an unforced betrayal of the President of the United States. JOE DIGENOVA, former U.S. Attorney. The soon to be released book, The Russia Hoax, The Illicit Scheme To Clear Hillary Clinton And Frame Donald Trump, Very importantly, will win for the Republicans in November.and his opponent will not. Remember Ala There is no one better to represent the people of N.Y. and Staten Island (a place I know very well) than Great meeting with today, talked about prison reform and sentencing. Moments ago, it was my great honor to sign #RightToTry into law! With the #RightToTry Law I signed today, patients with life threatening illnesses will finally have access to exper Today I am proud to keep another promise to the American people as I sign the #RightToTry Legislation into law. Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let her know that ABC does not tolerate comments like those made by Ros The Failing and Corrupt estimated the crowd last night at 1000 people, when in fact it was many times th ...There are lots of really good lawyers in the country, he could have picked somebody else! And I wish I did! ...chief law enforcement officer, and they told me later, oh by the way Im not going to be able to participate i Rep.Trey Gowdy, I dont think so, I think what the President is doing is expressing frustration that Attorney Gene The Fake Mainstream Media has, from the time I announced I was running for President, run the most highly sophistic Sorry, Ive got to start focusing my energy on North Korea Nuclear, bad Trade Deals, VA Choice, the Economy, rebuil Why arent the 13 Angry and heavily conflicted Democrats investigating the totally Crooked Campaign of totally Croo The 13 Angry Democrats (plus people who worked 8 years for Obama) working on the rigged Russia Witch Hunt, will be This investigation involved far more surveillance than we ever had any idea about. It wasnt just a wiretap agains We have put a great team together for our talks with North Korea. Meetings are currently taking place concerning Su Democrats mistakenly tweet 2014 pictures from Obamas term showing children from the Border in steel cages. They th California has a rare opportunity to turn things around and solve its high crime, high tax, problems - along with s A Democratic lawmaker just introduced a bill to Repeal the GOP Tax Cuts (no chance). This is too good to be true fo Our fallen heroes have not only written our history they have shaped our destiny. They saved the lives of the men a The heroes who rest in these hallowed fields, in cemeteries, battlefields, and burial grounds near and far are draw Thank you for joining us on this solemn day of remembrance. We are gathered here on the sacred soil of We now find out that the Obama Administration put the opposing campaigns presidential candidate, or his campaign, Sally Yates is part of concerns people have raised about bias in the Justice Dept. I find her actions to be really The President deserves some answers. in discussing SPYGATE. Happy Memorial Day! Those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is d #MemorialDay Why didnt President Obama do something about the so-called Russian Meddling when he was told about it by the FBI Our United States team has arrived in North Korea to make arrangements for the Summit between Kim Jong Un and mysel Why didnt the 13 Angry Democrats investigate the campaign of Crooked Hillary Clinton, many crimes, much Collusion Fantastic to have 400,000 GREAT MEN & WOMEN of Rolling Thunder in D.C. showing their patriotism. They love our Coun Whos going to give back the young and beautiful lives (and others) that have been devastated and destroyed by the WELCOME HOME JOSH! When will the 13 Angry Democrats (& those who worked for President O), reveal their disqualifying Conflicts of Inte This whole Russia Probe is Rigged. Just an excuse as to why the Dems and Crooked Hillary lost the Election and Stat With Spies, or Informants as the Democrats like to call them because it sounds less sinister (but its not), all The Failing quotes a senior White House official, who doesnt exist, as saying even if the meeting were Unlike what the Failing and Corrupt New York Times would like people to believe, there is ZERO disagreement within Thanks to very brave Teacher & Hero Jason Seaman of Noblesville, Indiana, for his heroic act in saving so many prec Looking forward to seeing Joshua Holt this evening in the White House. The great people of Utah are Celebrating! Put pressure on the Democrats to end the horrible law that separates children from there parents once they cross th Good news about the release of the American hostage from Venezuela. Should be landing in D.C. this evening and be i We are having very productive talks with North Korea about reinstating the Summit which, if it does happen, will li .but complain and obstruct. They made only bad deals (Iran) and their so-called Trade Deals are the laughing stock of the world! Senator Schumer and Obama Administration let phone company ZTE flourish with no security checks. I closed it down t Funny to watch the Democrats criticize Trade Deals being negotiated by me when they dont even know what the deals Chicago Police have every right to legally protest against the mayor and an administration that just wont let them To the Class of 2018, I say: We know you are up to the task. We know you will make us proud. We know On behalf of the American People, CONGRATULATIONS! We love you! Today, it was my great honor to deliver the 2018 Commencement Address at the United States in Annapol Very good news to receive the warm and productive statement from North Korea. We will soon see where it will lead, Democrats are so obviously rooting against us in our negotiations with North Korea. Just like they are coming to th Everyone knows there was a Spy, and in fact the people who were involved in the Spying are admitting that there wa Can anyone even imagine having Spies placed in a competing campaign, by the people and party in absolute power, for The Democrats are now alluding to the the concept that having an Informant placed in an opposing partys campaign i Today, it was my great honor to present the #MedalOfHonor to (SEAL) Master Chief Special Warfare Operator Today, it was my honor to sign #S2155, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act. Read I have decided to terminate the planned Summit in Singapore on June 12th. While many things can happen and a great It was my great honor to host a roundtable re: MS-13 yesterday in Bethpage, New York. Democrats must abandon their Sadly, I was forced to cancel the Summit Meeting in Singapore with Kim Jong Un. Not surprisingly, the GREAT Men & Women of the FBI are starting to speak out against Comey, McCabe and all of the p Clapper has now admitted that there was Spying in my campaign. Large dollars were paid to the Spy, far beyond norma Will be interviewed on tomorrow morning at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy! Great to be in New York for the day. Heading back to the now, lots of work to be done! Thank you to all of the incredible law enforcement officers and firefighters in Bethpage, New York. Keep up the gre Crippling loopholes in our laws have enabled MS-13 gang members and other criminals to infiltrate our communities - Today on Long Island, we were all moved to be joined by families who have suffered unthinkable heartbreak at the ha Thank you #SBAGala WITCH HUNT! There will be big news coming soon for our great American Autoworkers. After many decades of losing your jobs to ot Big legislation will be signed by me shortly. After many years, RIGHT TO TRY and big changes to DODD FRANK. Our Trade Deal with China is moving along nicely, but in the end we will probably have to use a different structure Trump should be happy that the FBI was SPYING on his campaign No, James Clapper, I am not happy. Spying on a camp Everybody is with Tomi Lahren, a truly outstanding and respected young woman! SPYGATE could be one of the biggest political scandals in history! Its clear that they had eyes and ears all over the Trump Campaign Judge Andrew Napolitano Look how things have turned around on the Criminal Deep State. They go after Phony Collusion with Russia, a made up If the person placed very early into my campaign wasnt a SPY put there by the previous Administration for politica For the first time since Roe v. Wade, America has a Pro-Life President, a Pro-Life Vice President, a Pro-Life House It was my honor to welcome Cup Series Champion and his team to the yesterday! Today, it was my great honor to welcome President Moon Jae-in of the Republic of Korea to the . the great Governor of Arkansas, is in a primary tomorrow. He has done an incredible job with a foc Under our potential deal with China, they will purchase from our Great American Farmers practically as much as our Farmers can produce. The Wall Street Journal asks, WHERE IN THE WORLD WAS BARACK OBAMA? A very good question! .they then used to start an investigation about Trump. It is that simple. This guy is the genesis of this whole D ...top of the FBI. Brennan started this entire debacle about President Trump. We now know that Brennan had detaile John Brennan is panicking. He has disgraced himself, he has disgraced the Country, he has disgraced the entire Int China must continue to be strong & tight on the Border of North Korea until a deal is made. The word is that recent On China, Barriers and Tariffs to come down for first time. China has agreed to buy massive amounts of ADDITIONAL Farm/Agricultural Products - would be one of the best things I ask Senator Chuck Schumer, why didnt President Obama & the Democrats do something about Trade with China, includ I hereby demand, and will do so officially tomorrow, that the Department of Justice look into whether or not the FB The Witch Hunt finds no Collusion with Russia - so now theyre looking at the rest of the World. Oh great! ...and why hasnt the Podesta brother been charged and arrested, like others, after being forced to close down his What ever happened to the Server, at the center of so much Corruption, that the Democratic National Committee REFUS Now that the Witch Hunt has given up on Russia and is looking at the rest of the World, they should easily be able .in the Hillary Clinton Campaign where she deleted 33,000 Emails, got $145,000,000 while Secretary of State, paid ...At what point does this soon to be $20,000,000 Witch Hunt, composed of 13 Angry and Heavily Conflicted Democrat Things are really getting ridiculous. The Failing and Crooked (but not as Crooked as Hillary Clinton) has If the FBI or DOJ was infiltrating a campaign for the benefit of another campaign, that is a really big deal. Only Great to have our incredible First Lady back home in the White House. Melania is feeling and doing really well. Tha Happy #ArmedForcesDay to our GREAT military men and women for their selfless service to our Nation! America is blessed with extraordinary energy abundance, including more than 250 years worth of beautiful clean coal California finally deserves a great Governor, one who understands borders, crime and lowering taxes. John Cox is th Just met with UN Secretary-General Antnio Guterres who is working hard to Make the United Nations Great Again. W America is a Nation that believes in the power of redemption. America is a Nation that believes in second chances - We grieve for the terrible loss of life, and send our support and love to everyone affected by this horrible attack School shooting in Texas. Early reports not looking good. God bless all! Reports are there was indeed at least one FBI representative implanted, for political purposes, into my campaign fo Why isnt disgraced FBI official Andrew McCabe being investigated for the $700,000 Crooked Hillary Democrats in Vir Fake News Media had me calling Immigrants, or Illegal Immigrants, Animals. Wrong! They were begrudgingly forced t Apparently the DOJ put a Spy in the Trump Campaign. This has never been done before and by any means necessary, th It was my great honor to visit with our HEROES last night at Walter Reed Medical Center. There is nobody like them! Tomorrow, the House will vote on a strong Farm Bill, which includes work requirements. We must support our Nations great farmers! Great talk with my friend President Mauricio Macri of Argentina this week. He is doing such a good job for Argentin Talking trade with the Vice Premier of the Peoples Republic of China, Liu He. Congratulations to our new CIA Director, Gina Haspel! Congrats to the House for passing the VA MISSION Act yesterday. Without this funding our veterans will be forced to Despite the disgusting, illegal and unwarranted Witch Hunt, we have had the most successful first 17 month Administ Wow, word seems to be coming out that the Obama FBI SPIED ON THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN WITH AN EMBEDDED INFORMANT. Andre Congratulations America, we are now into the second year of the greatest Witch Hunt in American History.and there Gina Haspel is one step closer to leading our brave men and women at the CIA. She is exceptionally qualified and th Lou Barletta will be a great Senator for Pennsylvania but his opponent, Bob Casey, has been a do-nothing Senator wh Today, it was my great honor to welcome President Mirziyoyev of Uzbekistan to the House votes today on Choice/MISSION Act. Who will stand with our Great Vets, caregivers, and Veterans Service Organ The Washington Post and CNN have typically written false stories about our trade negotiations with China. Nothing h Congratulations to Deb Fischer. The people of Nebraska have seen what a great job she is doing - and it showed up at the ballot box! #MAGA Congratulations to Lou Barletta of Pennsylvania. He will be a great Senator and will represent his people well - li Thank you to the Washington Examiner and on the great article - on WINNING! #PeaceOfficersMemorialDay Today is one of the most important and solemn occasions of the year the day we pay tribute to the Law Enforcement Nebraska - make sure you get out to the polls and VOTE for Deb Fischer today! Can you believe that with all of the made up, unsourced stories I get from the Fake News Media, together with the Trade negotiations are continuing with China. They have been making hundreds of billions of dollars a year from the Our great First Lady is doing really well. Will be leaving hospital in 2 or 3 days. Thank you for so much love and support! Heading over to Walter Reed Medical Center to see our great First Lady, Melania. Successful procedure, she is in go The so-called leaks coming out of the White House are a massive over exaggeration put out by the Fake News Media i ZTE, the large Chinese phone company, buys a big percentage of individual parts from U.S. companies. This is also r #USEmbassyJerusalem Big day for Israel. Congratulations! U.S. Embassy opening in Jerusalem will be covered live on & Lead up to 9:00 A.M. (eastern) e So sad to see the Terror Attack in Paris. At some point countries will have to open their eyes & see what is really Remember how badly Iran was behaving with the Iran Deal in place. They were trying to take over the Middle East by China and the United States are working well together on trade, but past negotiations have been so one sided in fav President Xi of China, and I, are working together to give massive Chinese phone company, ZTE, a way to get back in Happy Mothers Day! The Senate should get funding done before the August break, or NOT GO HOME. Wall and Border Security should be incl Irans Military Budget is up more than 40% since the Obama negotiated Nuclear Deal was reached.just another indic North Korea has announced that they will dismantle Nuclear Test Site this month, ahead of the big Summit Meeting on Why doesnt the Fake News Media state that the Trump Administrations Anti-Trust Division has been, and is, opposed Big week next week when the American Embassy in Israel will be moved to Jerusalem. Congratulations to all! The American people deserve a healthcare system that takes care of them not one that takes advantage of them. We Today, my Administration is launching the most sweeping action in history to lower the price of prescription drugs Thank you Indiana! #MAGA The highly anticipated meeting between Kim Jong Un and myself will take place in Singapore on June 12th. We will bo Five Most Wanted leaders of ISIS just captured! Senator Cryin Chuck Schumer fought hard against the Bad Iran Deal, even going at it with President Obama, & then V On behalf of the American people, WELCOME HOME! Gina Haspel did a spectacular job today. There is nobody even close to run the CIA! Looking forward to greeting the Hostages (no longer) at 2:00 A.M. The Failing New York Times criticized Secretary of State Pompeo for being AWOL (missing), when in fact he was flyin Secretary Pompeo and his guests will be landing at Andrews Air Force Base at 2:00 A.M. in the morning. I will be I am pleased to inform you that Secretary of State Mike Pompeo is in the air and on his way back from North Korea w Congratulations to Mike Dewine on his big win in the Great State of Ohio. He will be a great Governor with a heavy Candace Owens of Turning Point USA is having a big impact on politics in our Country. She represents an ever expand The Fake News is working overtime. Just reported that, despite the tremendous success we are having with the econom The Republican Party had a great night. Tremendous voter energy and excitement, and all candidates are those who ha The Iran Deal is defective at its core. If we do nothing, we know what will happen. In just a short time, the world Statement on the Iran Nuclear Deal: John Kerry cant get over the fact that he had his chance and blew it! Stay away from negotiations John, you are hurting your country! I will be speaking to my friend, President Xi of China, this morning at 8:30. The primary topics will be Trade, whe Gina Haspel, my highly respected nominee to lead the CIA, is being praised for the fact that she has been, and alwa I will be announcing my decision on the Iran Deal tomorrow from the White House at 2:00pm. National Prescription Drug #TakeBackDay numbers are in! Another record broken: nearly 1 MILLION pounds of Rx pills The United States does not need John Kerrys possibly illegal Shadow Diplomacy on the very badly negotiated Iran De Is this Phony Witch Hunt going to go on even longer so it wrongfully impacts the Mid-Term Elections, which is what Lisa Page, who may hold the record for the most Emails in the shortest period of time (to her Lover, Peter S), and Good luck to Ric Grenell, our new Ambassador to Germany. A great and talented guy, he will represent our Country well! The Great Revolt by Salena Zito and Brad Todd does much to tell the story of our great Election victory. The Forg The 13 Angry Democrats in charge of the Russian Witch Hunt are starting to find out that there is a Court System in The Russia Witch Hunt is rapidly losing credibility. House Intelligence Committee found No Collusion, Coordination My highly respected nominee for CIA Director, Gina Haspel, has come under fire because she was too tough on Terrori To the great people of West Virginia we have, together, a really great chance to keep making a big difference. Prob Thank you Cleveland, Ohio! Our high level delegation is on the way back from China where they had long meetings with Chinese leaders and busin Just returned home to the beautiful White House, from Dallas, where the Arena was packed to the rafters with the gr Great book just out by very successful businessman Always known as somebody who knows how to win, Cap I want to thank all of our friends and patriots at the We will never fail, and we will always protect your Se We are going to demand Congress secure the border in the upcoming CR. Illegal immigration must end! Democrats and liberals in Congress want to disarm law-abiding Americans at the same time they are releasing dangero All of us here today are united by the same timeless values. We believe that our liberty is a gift from our creator JUST OUT: 3.9% Unemployment. 4% is Broken! In the meantime, WITCH HUNT! Going to Dallas (the GREAT State of Texas) today. Leaving soon! NBC NEWS is wrong again! They cite sources which are constantly wrong. Problem is, like so many others, the sourc Andy McCarthy will be on tonight. 7:00 P.M. , Because Jobs in the U.S. are doing so well, Americans receiving unemployment aid is the lowest since 1973. Great! Our Southern Border is under siege. Congress must act now to change our weak and ineffective immigration laws. Must #NationalDayOfPrayer This spring marks 4yrs since the Phoenix VA crisis. We won't forget what happened to our GREAT VETS. Choice is vita Today, it was my great honor to celebrate the #NationalDayOfPrayer at the in the Rose Garden! Proclama .despite already having signed a detailed letter admitting that there was no affair. Prior to its violation by Ms .very common among celebrities and people of wealth. In this case it is in full force and effect and will be used Mr. Cohen, an attorney, received a monthly retainer, not from the campaign and having nothing to do with the campai Our great financial team is in China trying to negotiate a level playing field on trade! I look forward to being wi Ainsley Earnhardt, a truly great person, just wrote a wonderful book, The Light Within Me, which is doing really As everybody is aware, the past Administration has long been asking for three hostages to be released from a North This isnt some game. You are screwing with the work of the president of the United States. John Dowd, March 201 I have been briefed on the U.S. C-130 Hercules cargo plane from the Puerto Rico National Guard that crashed near Congratulations A Rigged System - They dont want to turn over Documents to Congress. What are they afraid of? Why so much redactin NEW BOOK - A MUST READ! The Russia Hoax - The Illicit Scheme to Clear Hillary Clinton and Frame Donald Trump by t The questions are an intrusion into the Presidents Article 2 powers under the Constitution to fire any Executive There was no Collusion (it is a Hoax) and there is no Obstruction of Justice (that is a setup & trap). What there i Today, it was my great honor to thank and welcome heroic crew members and passengers of Southwest Airlines Flight 1 Congratulations Today I had the great honor of awarding the Commander-in-Chiefs Trophy, for the first time in 21 years, to the Yesterday, it was my great honor to welcome President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria to the It would seem very hard to obstruct justice for a crime that never happened! Witch Hunt! Delegation heading to China to begin talks on the Massive Trade Deficit that has been created with our Country. Ver So disgraceful that the questions concerning the Russian Witch Hunt were leaked to the media. No questions on Col The White House is running very smoothly despite phony Witch Hunts etc. There is great Energy and unending Stamina, The Fake News is going crazy making up false stories and using only unnamed sources (who dont exist). They are tot During Small Business Week, we celebrate the great, hard-working entrepreneurs across our country who have started The migrant caravan that is openly defying our border shows how weak & ineffective U.S. immigration laws are. Yet I recently had a terrific meeting with a bipartisan group of freshman lawmakers who feel very strongly in favor of Numerous countries are being considered for the MEETING, but would Peace House/Freedom House, on the Border of Nort The White House Correspondents Dinner is DEAD as we know it. This was a total disaster and an embarrassment to our Headline: Kim Prepared to Cede Nuclear Weapons if U.S. Pledges Not to Invade - from the Failing New York Times. A The White House Correspondents Dinner was a failure last year, but this year was an embarrassment to everyone asso Trumps Triumphs are driving his critics Crazy! Thank you Steve Hilton just want to do what is right for our wonderful U.S.A. Just got recent Poll - much higher than President O at same time...Well, much more has been accomplished! While Washington, Michigan, was a big success, Washington, D.C., just didnt work. Everyone is talking about the fa Great evening last night in Washington, Michigan. The enthusiasm, knowledge and love in that room was unreal. To th Join me LIVE in Washington, Michigan at 7:00pmE on #MAGA Secret Service has just informed me that Senator Jon Testers statements on Admiral Jackson are not true. There wer Look forward to being in the Great State of Michigan tonight. Major business expansion and jobs pouring into your S Just had a long and very good talk with President Moon of South Korea. Things are going very well, time and locatio Clapper lied about (fraudulent) Dossier leaks to CNN FoxNews He is a lying machine who now works for Fake News CNN.great people of Montana will not stand for this kind of slander when talking of a great human being. Admiral Ja Allegations made by Senator Jon Tester against Admiral/Doctor Ron Jackson are proving false. The Secret Service is House Intelligence Committee rules that there was NO COLLUSION between the Trump Campaign and Russia. As I have bee I urge all Americans to participate in #takebackday tomorrow! Lets come together and BEAT last Octobers record of Just Out: House Intelligence Committee Report released. No evidence that the Trump Campaign colluded, coordinate Look forward to meeting with Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany today. So much to discuss, so little time! It will Kanye West has performed a great service to the Black Community - Big things are happening and eyes are being opene Please do not forget the great help that my good friend, President Xi of China, has given to the United States, par So great to have Staff Sgt. Dan Nevins and the incredible WOUNDED WARRIORS with me in the White House yesterday. Th After a furious year of missile launches and Nuclear testing, a historic meeting between North and South Korea is n Is everybody believing what is going on. James Comey cant define what a leak is. He illegally leaked CLASSIFIED IN The U.S. has put together a STRONG bid w/ Canada & Mexico for the 2026 World Cup. It would be a shame if countries Loved being on this morning. Great show! MAGA! Thank you Kanye, very cool! Looking forward to my meeting with Tim Cook of Apple. We will be talking about many things, including how the U.S.. did a spectacular job hosting the President of France and his wife Brigitte. Every detail Busy day planned. Looking forward to watching President Macron of France address a Joint Session of Congress today Congratulations to Republican Debbie Lesko on her big win in the Special Election for Arizona House seat. Debbie wi Our two great republics are linked together by the timeless bonds of history, culture, and destiny. We are people w Today, Melania and I were honored to welcome French President and Mrs. Brigitte Macron to t . has worked so hard on Tax Reductions, Illegal Immigration, the Border and Crime. I need Jim very badly President Trump Calls the U.S.-France Relationship Unbreakable. History Shows Hes Right. Arizona, please get out today and vote for Congress in #AZ08. Strong on Border, Immigration and Crime. Americans stand with you and all of Canada, Prime Minister Our thoughts and prayers are with you al Having great meetings and discussions with my friend, President of France. We are in the midst of m Heres a great stat - since January 2017, the number of people forced to use food stamps is down 1.9 million. The A Mexico, whose laws on immigration are very tough, must stop people from going through Mexico and into the U.S. We m Despite the Democrat inspired laws on Sanctuary Cities and the Border being so bad and one sided, I have instructed Hard to believe Obstructionists May vote against Mike Pompeo for Secretary of State. The Dems will not approve hund Thank you to the incredible Law Enforcement Officers from the Palm Beach County Sheriffs Office. They keep us safe Kim Strassel of the WSJ just said, after reviewing the dumb Comey Memos, you got to ask, what was the purpose of t Funny how all of the Pundits that couldnt come close to making a deal on North Korea are now all over the place te A complete Witch Hunt! I can die happy now with Trump Job performance, stated Mary Matalin. A great overall President, stunning! Thank you Mary.We are a long way from conclusion on North Korea, maybe things will work out, and maybe they wont - only time Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd of Fake News NBC just stated that we have given up so much in our negotiations with North Ko GOP Lawmakers asking Sessions to Investigate Comey and Hillary Clinton. Good luck with that request! At least two Memos Comey shared with a friend contained Classified Information. Wall Street Journal Sylvester Stallone called me with the story of heavyweight boxing champion Jack Johnson. His trials and tribulation So funny, the Democrats have sued the Republicans for Winning. Now he Rs counter and force them to turn over a tre Heading to the Southern White House to watch the Funeral Service of Barbara Bush. First Lady Melania has arrived in Today, my thoughts and prayers are with the entire Bush family. In memory of First Lady Barbara Bush, there is a re Fantastic crowd and great people yesterday in Key West, Florida. Thank you! Join me in Washington, Michigan on Saturday, April 28, 2018 at 7:00pm! #MAGA Tickets: The New York Times and a third rate reporter named Maggie Haberman, known as a Crooked H flunkie who I dont speak A message from Kim Jong Un: North Korea will stop nuclear tests and launches of intercontinental ballistic missile James Comey illegally leaked classified documents to the press in order to generate a Special Council? Therefore, t Just heard the Campaign was sued by the Obstructionist Democrats. This can be good news in that we will now counter North Korea has agreed to suspend all Nuclear Tests and close up a major test site. This is very good news for Nort Can you believe that despite 93% bad stories from the Fake News Media (should be getting good stories), today we ha Looks like OPEC is at it again. With record amounts of Oil all over the place, including the fully loaded ships at Nancy Pelosi is going absolutely crazy about the big Tax Cuts given to the American People by the Republicans.got So exciting! I have agreed to be the Commencement Speaker at our GREAT Naval Academy on May 25th in Annapolis, Mary So General Michael Flynns life can be totally destroyed while Shadey James Comey can Leak and Lie and make lots of James Comey Memos just out and show clearly that there was NO COLLUSION and NO OBSTRUCTION. Also, he leaked classif James Comey just threw Andrew McCabe under the bus. Inspector Generals Report on McCabe is a disaster for both o Sanctuary Cities released at least 142 Gang Members across the United States, making it easy for them to commit all My thoughts, prayers and condolences are with the families, friends and colleagues of the two deputies Mike Pompeo is outstanding. First in his class at West Point. A top student at Harvard Law School. A success at wha .Hopefully the Senate will not leave Washington until our Ambassadors, Judges and the people who make Washington Democrats are obstructing good (hopefully great) people wanting to give up a big portion of their life to work for . is a wonderful woman who has always been there when we have needed her. Great on the Military, Bo THANK YOU #JIATFSouth, and Keep up the GREAT work! Just arrived Heading to a briefing with the Joint Interagency Task Force South, NORTHCOM and SOUTHCOM. Governor Jerry Brown announced he will deploy up to 400 National Guard Troops to do nothing. The crime rate in Ca Thank you San Diego County for defending the rule of law and supporting our lawsuit against California's illegal an Great meeting with Prime Minister Abe of Japan, who has just left Florida. Talked in depth about North Korea, Milit It was my great honor to host my friend and his delegation at Mar-a-Lago for the past two days. Great working luncheon with U.S. and Japanese Delegations this afternoon! Prime Minister of Japan and myself this morning building an even deeper and better relationship while pl Best wishes to Prime Minister and all of the people of Israel on the 70th Anniversary of your Great Inde Slippery James Comey, the worst FBI Director in history, was not fired because of the phony Russia investigation wh Mike Pompeo met with Kim Jong Un in North Korea last week. Meeting went very smoothly and a good relationship was f A sketch years later about a nonexistent man. A total con job, playing the Fake News Media for Fools (but they know There is a Revolution going on in California. Soo many Sanctuary areas want OUT of this ridiculous, crime infeste While Japan and South Korea would like us to go back into TPP, I dont like the deal for the United States. Too man Pastor Andrew Brunson, a fine gentleman and Christian leader in the United States, is on trial and being persecuted It is my great honor to host . Melania and I join the Nation in celebrating the life of Barbara Bush: States and Cities throughout our Country are being cheated and treated so badly by online retailers. Very unfair to Todays Court decision means that Congress must close loopholes that block the removal of dangerous criminal aliens Welcome Prime Minister Abe! Rasmussen just came out at 51% Approval despite the Fake News Media. They were one of the three most accurate on El Getting ready to meet Prime Minister Abe of Japan, a truly fine gentleman! So many people are seeing the benefits of the Tax Cut Bill. Everyone is talking, really nice to see! Looks like Jerry Brown and California are not looking for safety and security along their very porous Border. He ca I am in Florida and looking forward to my meeting with Prime Minister Abe of Japan. Working on Trade and Military Security. Employment is up, Taxes are DOWN. Enjoy! Russia and China are playing the Currency Devaluation game as the U.S. keeps raising interest rates. Not acceptable! Comey drafted the Crooked Hillary exoneration long before he talked to her (lied in Congress to Senator G), then ba Just hit 50% in the Rasmussen Poll, much higher than President Obama at same point. With all of the phony stories a Slippery James Comey, a man who always ends up badly and out of whack (he is not smart!), will go down as the WORST Attorney Client privilege is now a thing of the past. I have many (too many!) lawyers and they are probably wonderi I never asked Comey for Personal Loyalty. I hardly even knew this guy. Just another of his many lies. His memos are self serving and FAKE! The Syrian raid was so perfectly carried out, with such precision, that the only way the Fake News Media could deme Comey throws AG Lynch under the bus! Why cant we all find out what happened on the tarmac in the back of the pla The big questions in Comeys badly reviewed book arent answered like, how come he gave up Classified Information ( Unbelievably, James Comey states that Polls, where Crooked Hillary was leading, were a factor in the handling (stup So proud of our great Military which will soon be, after the spending of billions of fully approved dollars, the fi A perfectly executed strike last night. Thank you to France and the United Kingdom for their wisdom and the power o DOJ just issued the McCabe report - which is a total disaster. He LIED! LIED! LIED! McCabe was totally controlled We are bringing back our factories, we are bringing back our jobs, and we are bringing back those four beautiful wo ...untruthful slime ball who was, as time has proven, a terrible Director of the FBI. His handling of the Crooked James Comey is a proven LEAKER & LIAR. Virtually everyone in Washington thought he should be fired for the terrible Tremendous pressure is building, like never before, for the Border Wall and an end to crime cradling Sanctuary Citi Would only join TPP if the deal were substantially better than the deal offered to Pres. Obama. We already have BIL Americas greatest treasure is our people and my Administration HEARS YOUR VOICE and HAS YOUR BACK. We are fighti Thank you to all of the American workers who travelled here today! This event is dedicated to YOU: the hardworking I have agreed with the historically cooperative, disciplined approach that we have engaged in with Robert Mueller ( On Yom HaShoah we remember the six million Jews slaughtered in the Holocaust. With each passing year, our duty to r Never said when an attack on Syria would take place. Could be very soon or not so soon at all! In any event, the Un California Governor Jerry Brown is doing the right thing and sending the National Guard to the Border. Thank you Je If I wanted to fire Robert Mueller in December, as reported by the Failing New York Times, I would have fired him. Big show tonight on 9:00 P.M. on Honored to have Republican Congressional Leadership join me at the this evening. Lots to discuss as we Trump just took a giant step towards actual welfare reform The is partnering with and to bring the Prescribed to Death O Speaker Paul Ryan is a truly good man, and while he will not be seeking re-election, he will leave a legacy of achi Much of the bad blood with Russia is caused by the Fake & Corrupt Russia Investigation, headed up by the all Democr Our relationship with Russia is worse now than it has ever been, and that includes the Cold War. There is no reason Russia vows to shoot down any and all missiles fired at Syria. Get ready Russia, because they will be coming, nice ...doing things that nobody thought possible, despite the never ending and corrupt Russia Investigation, which tak So much Fake News about what is going on in the White House. Very calm and calculated with a big focus on open and The Failing New York Times wrote another phony story. It was political pundit Doug Schoen, not a Ukrainian business Today, it was my great honor to welcome the 2017 NCAA Football National Champion, Alabama Crimson Tide - to the Whi Very thankful for President Xi of Chinas kind words on tariffs and automobile barriers.also, his enlightenment o Last night, it was my great honor to host Americas senior defense and military leaders for dinner at the White Hou A TOTAL WITCH HUNT! Attorneyclient privilege is dead! Great meeting at the this morning! The Democrats are not doing whats right for our country. I will not rest until we have secured our borders and res When a car is sent to the United States from China, there is a Tariff to be paid of 2 1/2%. When a car is sent to C Congratulations to Patrick Reed on his great and courageous MASTERS win! When Patrick had his amazing win at Doral If President Obama had crossed his stated Red Line In The Sand, the Syrian disaster would have ended long ago! Anim ...to pay. Open area immediately for medical help and verification. Another humanitarian disaster for no reason whatsoever. SICK! Many dead, including women and children, in mindless CHEMICAL attack in Syria. Area of atrocity is in lockdown and President Xi and I will always be friends, no matter what happens with our dispute on trade. China will take down i The Washington Post is far more fiction than fact. Story after story is made up garbage - more like a poorly writte The FBI closed the case on Hillary, which was a rigged investigation. They exonerated her even before they ever in While Security spending was somewhat more than his predecessor, Scott Pruitt has received death threats because of Fire at Trump Tower is out. Very confined (well built building). Firemen (and women) did a great job. THANK YOU! What does the Department of Justice and FBI have to hide? Why arent they giving the strongly requested documents ( Lawmakers of the House Judiciary Committee are angrily accusing the Department of Justice of missing the Thursday D We are sealing up our Southern Border. The people of our great country want Safety and Security. The Dems have been The United States hasnt had a Trade Surplus with China in 40 years. They must end unfair trade, take down barriers Just spoke to to pay my highest respect and condolences to the families of the terrible Humboldt Tea Congratulations to on their new morning radio show in New York City. It was an honor to BET founder: Trump's economy is bringing black workers back into the labor force AMERICA IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS! Do you believe that the Fake News Media is pushing hard on a story that I am going to replace A.G. Jeff Sessions wi China, which is a great economic power, is considered a Developing Nation within the World Trade Organization. They Despite the Aluminum Tariffs, Aluminum prices are DOWN 4%. People are surprised, Im not! Lots of money coming into Thank you Jim Justice. It was my great honor to be with the amazing people of West Virginia today! #MAGA Thanks to our historic TAX CUTS, America is open for business, and millions of American workers are seeing more tak The Fake News Washington Post, Amazons chief lobbyist, has another (of many) phony headlines, Trump Defiant As The Caravan is largely broken up thanks to the strong immigration laws of Mexico and their willingness to use them Still Rising: Rasmussen Poll Shows Donald Trump Approval Ratings Now at 51 Percent Today we honor Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. on the 50th anniversary of his assassination. Earlier this year I spoke Our thoughts and prayers are with the four U.S. Marines from the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing who lost their lives in y When youre already $500 Billion DOWN, you cant lose! We are not in a trade war with China, that war was lost many years ago by the foolish, or incompetent, people who r Our Border Laws are very weak while those of Mexico & Canada are very strong. Congress must change these Obama era, Was just briefed on the shooting at YouTubes HQ in San Bruno, California. Our thoughts and prayers are with everyb WE WILL PROTECT OUR SOUTHERN BORDER! Today, it was my honor to welcome Estonia President Lithuania President and Lat I am right about Amazon costing the United States Post Office massive amounts of money for being their Delivery Boy Thank you to Rasmussen for the honest polling. Just hit 50%, which is higher than Cheatin Obama at the same time in his Administration. Check out the fact that you cant get a job at ratings challenged unless you state that you are totally anti-T The big Caravan of People from Honduras, now coming across Mexico and heading to our Weak Laws Border, had better The Fake News Networks, those that knowingly have a sick and biased AGENDA, are worried about the competition and q #AutismAwarenessDay #LightItUpBlue President Trump's approval rate among likely U.S. voters hit 50 percent on Monday, which puts him higher than form 39% of my nominations, including Diplomats to foreign lands, have not been confirmed due to Democrat obstruction an Honduras, Mexico and many other countries that the U.S. is very generous to, sends many of their people to our coun As ridiculous as it sounds, the laws of our country do not easily allow us to send those crossing our Southern Bord President Donald J. Trump Proclaims April 2, 2018, World Autism Awareness Day An honor to host the Annual Easter Egg Roll! So sad that the Department of Justice and the FBI are slow walking, or even not giving, the unredacted documents Only fools, or worse, are saying that our money losing Post Office makes money with Amazon. THEY LOSE A FORTUNE, an So funny to watch Fake News Networks, among the most dishonest groups of people I have ever dealt with, criticize S Mexico is making a fortune on NAFTA.They have very strong border laws - ours are pathetic. With all of the money DACA is dead because the Democrats didnt care or act, and now everyone wants to get onto the DACA bandwagon. No .Congress must immediately pass Border Legislation, use Nuclear Option if necessary, to stop the massive inflow o Mexico has the absolute power not to let these large Caravans of people enter their country. They must stop them These big flows of people are all trying to take advantage of DACA. They want in on the act! Mexico is doing very little, if not NOTHING, at stopping people from flowing into Mexico through their Southern Bor Border Patrol Agents are not allowed to properly do their job at the Border because of ridiculous liberal (Democrat HAPPY EASTER! Governor Jerry Moonbeam Brown pardoned 5 criminal illegal aliens whose crimes include (1) Kidnapping and Robbery .does not include the Fake Washington Post, which is used as a lobbyist and should so REGISTER. If the P.O. i While we are on the subject, it is reported that the U.S. Post Office will lose $1.50 on average for each package i Washington spent trillions building up foreign countries while allowing OUR OWN infrastructure to fall into a state JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Unemployment claims have fallen to a 45-year low. Together, we are making the economy great again! We are going to REBUILD our crumbling infrastructure, and there is no better place to begin this campaign than in t I have stated my concerns with Amazon long before the Election. Unlike others, they pay little or no taxes to state I am pleased to announce that I intend to nominate highly respected Admiral Ronny L. Jackson, MD, as the new Secret Great briefing this afternoon on the start of our Southern Border WALL! My Administration stands in solidarity with the brave citizens in Orange County defending their rights against Cali . just announced an agreement in principle with South Korea on KORUS! A great deal for American and Kore Received message last night from XI JINPING of China that his meeting with KIM JONG UN went very well and that KIM For years and through many administrations, everyone said that peace and the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsu THE SECOND AMENDMENT WILL NEVER BE REPEALED! As much as Democrats would like to see this happen, and despite the wo I am very pleased to welcome the opioid memorial to the President's Park in April. I encourage all to visit and rem Trade talks going on with numerous countries that, for many years, have not treated the United States fairly. In the end, all will be happy! Great news! #MAGA So much Fake News. Never been more voluminous or more inaccurate. But through it all, our country is doing great! The economy is looking really good. It has been many years that we have seen these kind of numbers. The underlying . just wrote a book which everyone is talking about. He was a great help. He is a veteran journalist President Donald J. Trump Proclaims March 25, 2018, as Greek Independence Day: A National Day of Celebration of Gr Happy National #MedalOfHonorDay to our HEROES. We love you! ...lawyer or law firm will take months to get up to speed (if for no other reason than they can bill more), which Many lawyers and top law firms want to represent me in the Russia case.dont believe the Fake News narrative that Much can be done with the $1.6 Billion given to building and fixing the border wall. It is just a down payment. Wor Because of the $700 & $716 Billion Dollars gotten to rebuild our Military, many jobs are created and our Military i France honors a great hero. Officer died after bravely swapping places with hostage in ISIS related terror attack. Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims of the horrible attack in France yesterday, and we grieve the nation As a matter of National Security I've signed the Omnibus Spending Bill. I say to Congress: I will NEVER sign anothe Obama Administration legalized bump stocks. BAD IDEA. As I promised, today the Department of Justice will issue the News conference at the White House concerning the Omnibus Spending Bill. 1:00 P.M. I am considering a VETO of the Omnibus Spending Bill based on the fact that the 800,000 plus DACA recipients have DACA was abandoned by the Democrats. Very unfair to them! Would have been tied to desperately needed Wall. House Intelligence Committee votes to release final report. FINDINGS: (1) No evidence provided of Collusion between I am pleased to announce that, effective 4/9/18, will be my new National Security Advisor. I am very My honor Charlie - thank you! #MAGA As a candidate, I pledged that if elected I would use every lawful tool to combat unfair trade, protect American wo Remember when they were saying, during the campaign, that Donald Trump is giving great speeches and drawing big cro Crazy Joe Biden is trying to act like a tough guy. Actually, he is weak, both mentally and physically, and yet he t Democrats refused to take care of DACA. Would have been so easy, but they just didnt care. I had to fight for Military and start of Wall. Got $1.6 Billion to start Wall on Southern Border, rest will be forthcoming. Most importantly, got $700 Billion to .They can help solve problems with North Korea, Syria, Ukraine, ISIS, Iran and even the coming Arms Race. Bush I called President Putin of Russia to congratulate him on his election victory (in past, Obama called him also). Th Special Council is told to find crimes, whether a crime exists or not. I was opposed to the selection of Mueller t .there was no probable cause for believing that there was any crime, collusion or otherwise, or obstruction of ju Department of Justice should have urged the Supreme Court to at least hear the Drivers License case on illegal immi AUSTIN BOMBING SUSPECT IS DEAD. Great job by law enforcement and all concerned! Our Nation was founded by farmers. Our independence was won by farmers. And our continent was tamed by farmers. Our The Democrats do not want to help DACA. Would be so easy to make a deal! A total WITCH HUNT with massive conflicts of interest! . on now! Great! 8:18 A.M. Why does the Mueller team have 13 hardened Democrats, some big Crooked Hillary supporters, and Zero Republicans? An Spent very little time with Andrew McCabe, but he never took notes when he was with me. I dont believe he made mem Wow, watch Comey lie under oath to Senator G when asked have you ever been an anonymous source.or known someone The Fake News is beside themselves that McCabe was caught, called out and fired. How many hundreds of thousands of As the House Intelligence Committee has concluded, there was no collusion between Russia and the Trump Campaign. As Happy #StPatricksDay Andrew McCabe FIRED, a great day for the hard working men and women of the FBI - A great day for Democracy. Sanctim U.S. Consumer Confidence Hits 14-Year High It would be great for the Republican Party of Nevada, and its unity if good guy Danny Tarkanian would run for Cong Our thoughts and prayers go out to the families and loved ones of the brave troops lost in the helicopter crash on President Donald J. Trump Delivers Remarks at the ShamrockBowl Presentation by Prime Minister Varadkar in the Ea Continuing to monitor the heartbreaking bridge collapse at FIU - so tragic. Many brave First Responders rushed in t It was my honor to welcome Prime Minister Leo Varadkar of Ireland to the We do have a Trade Deficit with Canada, as we do with almost all countries (some of them massive). P.M. Justin Trud Larry Kudlow will be my Chief Economic Advisor as Director of the National Economic Council. Our Country will have Please join me with your thoughts and prayers for both aviators, their families and our incredible It was wonderful to be back in Missouri where our push for historic TAX CUTS all began. Six months ago I promised t Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Today the House took major steps toward securing our schools by passing the STOP School Violence Act. We must put t Thank you for hosting! #MAGA We cannot keep a blind eye to the rampant unfair trade practices against our Country! Five of our incredible Secretaries are testifying on the Hill this morning on the need to rebuild our Nati Perhaps at no time in history have the business fundamentals of U.S. companies been better than they are today! Hundreds of good people, including very important Ambassadors and Judges, are being blocked and/or slow walked by t All across this nation, we pray for our country and we THANK GOD for our United States Marines! Thank you. God Bles It was my great honor to deliver a message at the Marine Corps Air Station Miramar to our GREAT U.S. Military, stra If we dont have a wall system, were not going to have a country. Congress must fund the BORDER WALL & prohibit gr Californias sanctuary policies are illegal and unconstitutional and put the safety and security of our entire nati According to the Center for Immigration Studies, the $18 billion wall will pay for itself by curbing the importati Heading to see the BORDER WALL prototypes in California! Mike Pompeo, Director of the CIA, will become our new Secretary of State. He will do a fantastic job! Thank you to The Economy is raging, at an all time high, and is set to get even better. Jobs and wages up. Vote for Rick Saccone and keep it going! THE HOUSE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE HAS, AFTER A 14 MONTH LONG IN-DEPTH INVESTIGATION, FOUND NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION It was my great honor to welcome the 2017 World Series Champion Houston to the #HoustonStrong ...On 18 to 21 Age Limits, watching court cases and rulings before acting. States are making this decision. Things Very strong improvement and strengthening of background checks will be fully backed by White House. Legislation mov Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross will be speaking with representatives of the European Union about eliminating the Rasmussen and others have my approval ratings at around 50%, which is higher than Obama, and yet the political pund The Democrats continue to Obstruct the confirmation of hundreds of good and talented people who are needed to run o The Republicans are 5-0 in recent Congressional races, a point which the Fake News Media continuously fails to ment .have shown conclusively that there was no Collusion with Russia...just excuse for losing. The only Collusion was The Failing New York Times purposely wrote a false story stating that I am unhappy with my legal team on the Russia Epic crowd in Moon Township, Pennsylvania tonight. Thank you! Get out on Tuesday and VOTE for Rick T Join me LIVE in Moon Township, Pennsylvania at 7:00pmE. Great crowd for a #MAGA rally! The European Union, wonderful countries who treat the U.S. very badly on trade, are complaining about the tariffs o In the first hours after hearing that North Koreas leader wanted to meet with me to talk denuclearization and that North Korea has not conducted a Missile Test since November 28, 2017 and has promised not to do so through our meet Heading to Moon Township, Pennsylvania, to be with a really good person, State Representative Rick Saccone, who is Spoke to Prime Minister Abe of Japan, who is very enthusiastic about talks with North Korea. Also discussing openin Chinese President XI JINPING and I spoke at length about the meeting with KIM JONG UN of North Korea. President XI Congratulations to Kristian Saucier, a man who has served proudly in the Navy, on your newly found Freedom. Now you We are deeply saddened by the tragic situation in Yountville and mourn the loss of three incredible women who cared for our Veterans. The deal with North Korea is very much in the making and will be, if completed, a very good one for the World. Time Spoke to PM of Australia. He is committed to having a very fair and reciprocal military and trade Thats right Thank you for your support in helping put America back to work. Its about JOBS, JOBS, JOBS Look forward to being in Pennsylvania tomorrow in support of Rick Big crowd expected in Moon Townshi JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! #MAGA Kim Jong Un talked about denuclearization with the South Korean Representatives, not just a freeze. Also, no missil Presidential Proclamation on Adjusting Imports of Aluminum into the United States Proclamation: Presidential Proclamation on Adjusting Imports of Steel into the United States Proclamation: Great meeting with at the today! #MAGA Happy #InternationalWomensDay First Lady Melania Trump to Present the 2018 International Women of Courage Award Looking forward to 3:30 P.M. meeting today at the White House. We have to protect & build our Steel and Aluminum In The U.S. is acting swiftly on Intellectual Property theft. We cannot allow this to happen as it has for many years! China has been asked to develop a plan for the year of a One Billion Dollar reduction in their massive Trade Defici From Bush 1 to present, our Country has lost more than 55,000 factories, 6,000,000 manufacturing jobs and accumulat Great couple, great book! Will be making a decision soon on the appointment of new Chief Economic Advisor. Many people wanting the job - will choose wisely! Possible progress being made in talks with North Korea. For the first time in many years, a serious effort is being Lowest rated Oscars in HISTORY. Problem is, we dont have Stars anymore - except your President (just kidding, of course)! We will see what happens! We are getting it done - jobs and security! Total inaction on DACA by Dems. Where are you? A deal can be made! The new Fake News narrative is that there is CHAOS in the White House. Wrong! People will always come & go, and I w Its March 5th and the Democrats are nowhere to be found on DACA. Gave them 6 months, they just dont care. Where a Why did the Obama Administration start an investigation into the Trump Campaign (with zero proof of wrongdoing) lon To protect our Country we must protect American Steel! #AMERICA FIRST .treat our farmers much better. Highly restrictive. Mexico must do much more on stopping drugs from pouring into We have large trade deficits with Mexico and Canada. NAFTA, which is under renegotiation right now, has been a bad We are on the losing side of almost all trade deals. Our friends and enemies have taken advantage of the U.S. for m The Gridiron Dinner last night was great fun. I am accomplishing a lot in Washington and have never had a better ti If the E.U. wants to further increase their already massive tariffs and barriers on U.S. companies doing business t The United States has an $800 Billion Dollar Yearly Trade Deficit because of our very stupid trade deals and poli Mainstream Media in U.S. is being mocked all over the world. Theyve gone CRAZY! Happy National Anthem Day! REST IN PEACE BILLY GRAHAM! When a country Taxes our products coming in at, say, 50%, and we Tax the same product coming into our country at ZE We must protect our country and our workers. Our steel industry is in bad shape. IF YOU DONT HAVE STEEL, YOU DONT HAVE A COUNTRY! Eric, we are all with you and your family! Look forward to seeing you back on T.V. Alec Baldwin, whose dying mediocre career was saved by his terrible impersonation of me on SNL, now says playing me When a country (USA) is losing many billions of dollars on trade with virtually every country it does business with Good (Great) meeting in the Oval Office tonight with the NRA! Manufacturing growing at the fastest pace in almost two decades! Jobless claims at a 49 year low! Together, we will face this challenge as a national family with conviction, with unity, and with a commitment to lo Consumer Confidence in February Highest Since November 2000 Manufacturing in U.S. Expands at Fastest Pace Since May 2004 Unemployment filings are at their lowest level in over 48 years. Great news for workers and JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! #MAGA Our Steel and Aluminum industries (and many others) have been decimated by decades of unfair trade and bad policy w Many ideas, some good & some not so good, emerged from our bipartisan meeting on school safety yesterday at the Whi It was an honor to welcome bipartisan members of Congress for a discussion on SAFE schools and SAFE communities. As Today we honor Billy Graham as only three private citizens before him have been honored. We say a prayer for our Starting at a small Bible School in Florida, Billy Graham soon led a nationwide revival. From a large tent in Los A Today, in the center of this great Chamber lies Billy Graham an Ambassador for Christ who reminded the world of t Why is A.G. Jeff Sessions asking the Inspector General to investigate potentially massive FISA abuse. Will take for 45 year low on illegal border crossings this year. Ice and Border Patrol Agents are doing a great job for our Count I have decided that sections of the Wall that California wants built NOW will not be built until the whole Wall is The Heritage Foundation has just stated that 64% of the Trump Agenda is already done, faster than even Ronald Reaga Big legal win today. U.S. judge sided with the Trump Administration and rejected the attempt to stop the government Such a beautiful map, thank you! . of Mississippi has been a great supporter and incredible help in getting our massive Tax Cut Bill d Texas LC George P. Bush backed me when it wasnt the politically correct thing to do, and I back him now. Also, AC American consumers are the most confident they've been since 2000...A strong job market is boosting confidence. T I want to encourage all of my many Texas friends to vote in the primary for Governor Greg Abbott, Senator Ted Cruz, WITCH HUNT! Weve seen NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION...I have seen nothing, the firing of James Comey and all of the aftermath, th Ive been skeptical about the collusion and obstruction claims for the last year. I just dont see the evidence. Hes got a very good point. Somebody in the Justice Department has a treasure trove of evidence of Mrs. Clintons I will be interviewed by on at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy! Congressman Schiff omitted and distorted key facts So, what else is new. He is a total phony! Russians had no compromising information on Donald Trump Of course not, because there is none, and neve Dem Memo: FBI did not disclose who the clients were - the Clinton Campaign and the DNC. Wow! The Democrat memo response on government surveillance abuses is a total political and legal BUST. Just confirms all BIG CPAC STRAW POLL RESULTS: 93% APPROVE OF THE JOB PRESIDENT TRUMP IS DOING (Thank you!). 50% say President Trump Dems are no longer talking DACA! Out of sight, out of mind, they say. DACA beneficiaries should not be happy. Nan Unemployment claims are at the lowest level since 1973. Much of this has to do with the massive cutting of unnecess Democrat judges have totally redrawn election lines in the great State of Pennsylvania. This is very unfa Armed Educators (and trusted people who work within a school) love our students and will protect them. Very smart p So true Wayne, and Lowest black unemployment in history! Thank you to the great men and women of the United States for a job well done! Today, Melania and I were honored to welcome Prime Minister and Mrs. Turnbull of Australia Our nations motto is IN GOD WE TRUST. This week, our nation lost an incredible leader who devoted his life to help We salute our great American flag, we put our hands on our hearts for the pledge of Allegiance, and we all PROUDLY After years of rebuilding OTHER nations, we are finally rebuilding OUR nation - and we are restoring our confidence For those of you who are still interested, the Democrats have totally forgotten about DACA. Not a lot of interest on this subject from them! My daughter, Ivanka, just arrived in South Korea. We cannot have a better, or smarter, person representing our country. CPAC Today! MS-13 gang members are being removed by our Great ICE and Border Patrol Agents by the thousands, but these killers School shooting survivor says he quit Town Hall after refusing scripted question. Just like Today, it was my great honor to host a School Safety Roundtable at the with State and local leaders, la On behalf of an entire Nation, CONGRATULATIONS to the U.S. Women's Hockey Team on winning the GOLD! #GoTeamUSA Will be meeting with Lawmakers today at 11:30 A.M. to discuss School Safety. Next week it will be with our Nation What many people dont understand, or dont want to understand, is that Wayne, Chris and the folks who work so hard I will be strongly pushing Comprehensive Background Checks with an emphasis on Mental Health. Raise age to 21 and e ...If a potential sicko shooter knows that a school has a large number of very weapons talented teachers (and ot ...History shows that a school shooting lasts, on average, 3 minutes. It takes police & first responders approxima ...immediately fire back if a savage sicko came to a school with bad intentions. Highly trained teachers would als I never said give teachers guns like was stated on Fake News & What I said was to look at the possibil I will always remember the time I spent today with courageous students, teachers and families. So much love in the . Melania and I join millions of people around the world in mourning the passing of Billy Graham. Our prayer Yesterday, it was my great honor to recognize extraordinary Law Enforcement Officers and First Responders, and to a Question: If all of the Russian meddling took place during the Obama Administration, right up to January 20th, why The GREAT Billy Graham is dead. There was nobody like him! He will be missed by Christians and all religions. A very special man. So true, thank you! Bad ratings & got scammed when they covered the anti-Trump Russia rally wall-to-wall. They probably kne Main Street is BOOMING thanks to our incredible TAX CUT and Reform law. This shows small-business owners are more ...cameras running. Another False Accusation. Why doesnt report the story of the women taking mon A woman I dont know and, to the best of my knowledge, never met, is on the FRONT PAGE of the Fake News Washington I have been much tougher on Russia than Obama, just look at the facts. Total Fake News! Hope Republicans in the Great State of Pennsylvania challenge the new pushed Congressional Map, all the way to th Matt Schlapp and CPAC are getting ready for another exciting event. Big difference from those days when President O Republicans are now leading the Generic Poll, perhaps because of the popular Tax Cuts which the Dems want to take a ...The President Obama quote just before election. Thats because he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win and There is no serious person out there who would suggest somehow that you could even rig Americas elections, there Thank you to for the great timeline on all of the failures the Obama Administration had against Russ The Faith of Donald Trump, a book just out by David Brody and Scott Lamb, is a very interesting read. Enjoy! The U.S. economy is looking very good, in my opinion, even better than anticipated. Companies are pouring back into . has announced he is running for the Senate from the wonderful State of Utah. He will make a great Sena Have a great, but very reflective, Presidents Day! Just watched a very insecure Oprah Winfrey, who at one point I knew very well, interview a panel of people on 60 Mi My great friends from NASCAR are having their big race today, The Daytona 500. Brian France and the France family a Thank you to KenStarr, former Independent Counsel, Whitewater, for your insight and powerful words on FISA abuse, R Great Pollster John McLaughlin now has the GOP up in the Generic Congressional Ballot. Big gain over last 4 weeks. The Fake News of big ratings loser CNN. If it was the GOAL of Russia to create discord, disruption and chaos within the U.S. then, with all of the Committe Now that Adam Schiff is starting to blame President Obama for Russian meddling in the election, he is probably doin I never said Russia did not meddle in the election, I said it may be Russia, or China or another country or group, Finally, Liddle Adam Schiff, the leakin monster of no control, is now blaming the Obama Administration for Russia Never gotten over the fact that Obama was able to send $1.7 Billion Dollars in CASH to Iran and nobody in Congress, General McMaster forgot to say that the results of the 2016 election were not impacted or changed by the Russians a Very sad that the FBI missed all of the many signals sent out by the Florida school shooter. This is not acceptable Just like they dont want to solve the DACA problem, why didnt the Democrats pass gun control legislation when the I have seen all of the Russian ads and I can say very definitively that swaying the election was *NOT* the main go The Fake News Media never fails. Hard to ignore this fact from the Vice President of Facebook Ads, Rob Goldman! Funny how the Fake News Media doesnt want to say that the Russian group was formed in 2014, long before my run for Deputy A.G. Rod Rosenstein stated at the News Conference: There is no allegation in the indictment that any Americ Charges Deal Don A Big Win, written by Michael Goodwin of the succinctly states that the Russians had n Melania and I met such incredible people last night in Broward County, Florida. Will never forget them, or the evening! Our entire Nation, w/one heavy heart, continues to pray for the victims & their families in Parkland, FL. To teache Russia started their anti-US campaign in 2014, long before I announced that I would run for President. The results Cannot believe how BADLY DACA recipients have been treated by the Democrats.totally abandoned! Republicans are still working hard. I will be leaving for Florida today to meet with some of the bravest people on earth - but people whose lives have Presidential Proclamation Honoring the Victims of the Tragedy in Parkland, Florida: The Schumer-Rounds-Collins immigration bill would be a total catastrophe. says it would be the end of immi In times of tragedy, the bonds that sustain us are those of family, faith, community, and country. These bonds are While the Republicans and Democrats in Congress are working hard to come up with a solution to DACA, they should be Just spoke to Governor Rick Scott. We are working closely with law enforcement on the terrible Florida school shooting. My prayers and condolences to the families of the victims of the terrible Florida shooting. No child, teacher or an Today, I was honored to be joined by Republicans and Democrats from both the House and Senate, as well as members o As we come together to celebrate the extraordinary contributions of African-Americans to our nation, our thoughts t Negotiations on DACA have begun. Republicans want to make a deal and Democrats say they want to make a deal. Wouldn Our infrastructure plan has been put forward and has received great reviews by everyone except, of course, the Demo The journey to #MAGA began 2011 and the opportunity to reconnect with friends and supporters is something I l Thank you to Sue Kruczek, who lost her wonderful and talented son Nick to the Opioid scourge, for your kind words w This will be a big week for Infrastructure. After so stupidly spending $7 trillion in the Middle East, it is now ti Just spoke to to express condolences and prayers to all for the horrible shooting of two great police o Rep. Lou Barletta, a Great Republican from Pennsylvania who was one of my very earliest supporters, will make a FAN 4.2 million hard working Americans have already received a large Bonus and/or Pay Increase because of our recently So many positive things going on for the U.S.A. and the Fake News Media just doesnt want to go there. Same negativ My Administration has identified three major priorities for creating a safe, modern and lawful immigration system: My thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers, their families, and everybody at the Republicans want to fix DACA far more than the Democrats do. The Dems had all three branches of government back in ...agencies, not just the FBI & DOJ, now the State Department to dig up dirt on him in the days leading up to the My view is that not only has Trump been vindicated in the last several weeks about the mishandling of the Dossier Peoples lives are being shattered and destroyed by a mere allegation. Some are true and some are false. Some are ol According to the a Russian sold phony secrets on Trump to the U.S. Asking price was $10 million, brough The Democrats sent a very political and long response memo which they knew, because of sources and methods (and mor Costs on non-military lines will never come down if we do not elect more Republicans in the 2018 Election, and beyo Without more Republicans in Congress, we were forced to increase spending on things we do not like or want in order Just signed Bill. Our Military will now be stronger than ever before. We love and need our Military and gave them e Wow! -Senator Mark Warner got caught having extensive contact with a lobbyist for a Russian oligarch. Warner did no Time to end the visa lottery. Congress must secure the immigration system and protect Americans. As long as we open our eyes to Gods grace - and open our hearts to Gods love - then America will forever be the l I will be meeting with Henry Kissinger at 1:45pm. Will be discussing North Korea, China and the Middle East. Our founders invoked our Creator four times in the Declaration of Independence. Our currency declares IN GOD WE TR Will be heading over shortly to make remarks at The National Prayer Breakfast in Washington. Great religious and po The Budget Agreement today is so important for our great Military. It ends the dangerous sequester and gives Secret Congratulations to the Republic of Korea on what will be a MAGNIFICENT Winter Olympics! What the South Korean peopl Best wishes to the Republic of Korea on hosting the What a wonderful opportunity to show everyone that y NEW FBI TEXTS ARE BOMBSHELLS! In the old days, when good news was reported, the Stock Market would go up. Today, when good news is reported, th Congratulations and on the successful #FalconHeavy launch. This achievement, along with c HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our 40th President of the United States of America, Ronald Reagan! Today, we heard the experiences of law enforcement professionals and community leaders working to combat the threat We need a 21st century MERIT-BASED immigration system. Chain migration and the visa lottery are outdated programs Polling shows nearly 7 in 10 Americans support an immigration reform package that includes DACA, fully secures the My prayers and best wishes are with the family of Edwin Jackson, a wonderful young man whose life was so senselessly taken. So disgraceful that a person illegally in our country killed linebacker Edwin Jackson. This is just one of m Thanks to the historic TAX CUTS that I signed into law, your paychecks are going way UP, your taxes are going way D Representative Devin Nunes, a man of tremendous courage and grit, may someday be recognized as a Great American Her Any deal on DACA that does not include STRONG border security and the desperately needed WALL is a total waste of t Little Adam Schiff, who is desperate to run for higher office, is one of the biggest liars and leakers in Washingto Thank you to for exposing the truth. Perhaps thats why your ratings are soo much better than your untruthful competition! The Democrats are pushing for Universal HealthCare while thousands of people are marching in the UK because their U Congratulations to the Philadelphia Eagles on a great Super Bowl victory! My thoughts and prayers are with all of the victims involved in this mornings train collision in South Carolina. Th .a tool of anti-Trump political actors. This is unacceptable in a democracy and ought to alarm anyone who wants t The four page memo released Friday reports the disturbing fact about how the FBI and FISA appear to have been used Great jobs numbers and finally, after many years, rising wages- and nobody even talks about them. Only Russia, Russ This memo totally vindicates Trump in probe. But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their was no Collusion an Rasmussen just announced that my approval rating jumped to 49%, a far better number than I had in winning the Elect Today, it was my honor to join the great men and women of and at the U.S. C Trump the orator outlines the greatness of America to Democrats disgust With 3.5 million Americans receiving bonuses or other benefits from their employers as a result of TAX CUTS, 2018 i You had Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party try to hide the fact that they gave money to GPS Fusion to create The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigativ The Democrats just arent calling about DACA. Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer have to get moving fast, or theyll di Thank you for all of the nice compliments and reviews on the State of the Union speech. 45.6 million people watched March 5th is rapidly approaching and the Democrats are doing nothing about DACA. They Resist, Blame, Complain and O Heading to beautiful West Virginia to be with great members of the Republican Party. Will be planning Infrastructur Join me live for the #SOTU Congratulations to Americas new Secretary of Alex Azar! Our economy is better than it has been in many decades. Businesses are coming back to America like never before. Ch Somebody please inform Jay-Z that because of my policies, Black Unemployment has just been reported to be at the LOWEST RATE EVER RECORDED! Democrats are not interested in Border Safety & Security or in the funding and rebuilding of our Military. They are I have offered DACA a wonderful deal, including a doubling in the number of recipients & a twelve year pathway to c Taliban targeted innocent Afghans, brave police in Kabul today. Our thoughts and prayers go to the victims, and fir On Holocaust Remembrance Day we mourn and grieve the murder of 6 million innocent Jewish men, women and children, a Thank you to Brandon Judd of the National Border Patrol Council for his strong statement on that we Thank you for the wonderful welcome #Davos2018 DACA has been made increasingly difficult by the fact that Cryin Chuck Schumer took such a beating over the shutdo Heading back from a very exciting two days in Davos, Switzerland. Speech on Americas economic revival was well rec Join me live at the 2018 World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland! #WEF18 Great bilateral meeting with President of the Swiss Confederation - as we continue to strengthen our It was an honor to meet with Republic of Rwanda President Paul Kagame this morning in Davos, Switzerland. Many grea Will be interviewed on by coming up at 6:00amE from Davos, Switzerland. Enjoy! #WEF18 Today, Americans everywhere remember the brave men and women of who lost their lives in our Nations eternal Very productive bilateral meeting with Prime Minister Benjamin of Israel - in Davos, Switzerland! #WEF18 Great bilateral meeting with Prime Minister Theresa May of the United Kingdom, affirming the special relationship a Will soon be heading to Davos, Switzerland, to tell the world how great America is and is doing. Our economy is now It was my great honor to welcome Mayors from across America to the WH. My Administration will always support local Earlier today, I spoke with of Kentucky regarding yesterdays shooting at Marshall County High School Tremendous investment by companies from all over the world being made in America. There has never been anything lik Cryin Chuck Schumer fully understands, especially after his humiliating defeat, that if there is no Wall, there is Where are the 50,000 important text messages between FBI lovers Lisa Page and Peter Strzok? Blaming Samsung! Nobody knows for sure that the Republicans & Democrats will be able to reach a deal on DACA by February 8, but ever In one of the biggest stories in a long time, the FBI now says it is missing five months worth of lovers Strzok-Pag Even Crazy Jim Acosta of Fake News CNN agrees: Trump World and WH sources dancing in end zone: Trump wins again. Big win for Republicans as Democrats cave on Shutdown. Now I want a big win for everyone, including Republicans, De End the Democrats Obstruction! Democrats have shut down our government in the interests of their far left base. They dont want to do it but are powerless! The Democrats are turning down services and security for citizens in favor of services and security for non-citizens. Not good! Thank you to Brad Blakeman on for grading year one of my presidency with an A-and likewise to Doug Schoe Great to see how hard Republicans are fighting for our Military and Safety at the Border. The Dems just want illega Eric Trump on on now! The Trump Administration has terminated more UNNECESSARY Regulation, in just twelve months, than any other Administ Unprecedented success for our Country, in so many ways, since the Election. Record Stock Market, Strong on Military Beautiful weather all over our great country, a perfect day for all Women to March. Get out there now to celebrate Democrats are holding our Military hostage over their desire to have unchecked illegal immigration. Cant let that happen! #AMERICA FIRST! For those asking, the Republicans only have 51 votes in the Senate, and they need 60. That is why we need to win mo This is the One Year Anniversary of my Presidency and the Democrats wanted to give me a nice present. #DemocratShutdown Democrats are far more concerned with Illegal Immigrants than they are with our great Military or Safety at our dan Not looking good for our great Military or Safety & Security on the very dangerous Southern Border. Dems want a Shu Excellent preliminary meeting in Oval with - working on solutions for Security and our great Military t Just signed 702 Bill to reauthorize foreign intelligence collection. This is NOT the same FISA law that was so wron Today, I was honored and proud to address the 45th Annual You are living witnesses of this years Shutting down the government is a very serious thing. People die, accidents happen. I dont know how I would vote . Briefing with Director Marc Short and Director Mick Mulvaney. Government Funding Bill past last night in the House of Representatives. Now Democrats are needed if it is to pass House of Representatives needs to pass Government Funding Bill tonight. So important for our country - our Military needs it! AMERICA will once again be a NATION that thinks big, dreams bigger, and always reaches for the stars. YOU are the o Departing Pittsburgh now, where it was my great honor to stand with our incredible workers, and to show the world t A government shutdown will be devastating to our military.something the Dems care very little about! CHIP should be part of a long term solution, not a 30 Day, or short term, extension! We need the Wall for the safety and security of our country. We need the Wall to help stop the massive inflow of dr Will be going to Pennsylvania today in order to give my total support to RICK SACCONE, running for Congress in a Sp ...The Wall will be paid for, directly or indirectly, or through longer term reimbursement, by Mexico, which has a The Wall is the Wall, it has never changed or evolved from the first day I conceived of it. Parts will be, of neces ISIS is in retreat, our economy is booming, investments and jobs are pouring back into the country, and so much mor Despite some very corrupt and dishonest media coverage, there are many great reporters I respect and lots of GOOD N And the FAKE NEWS winners are. Main Street is BACK! Strongest Holiday Sales bump since the Great Recession -- beating forecasts by BILLIONS OF DOL During the campaign, I promised to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN by bringing businesses and jobs back to our country. I I promised that my policies would allow companies like Apple to bring massive amounts of money back to the United S Today, we witnessed an incredible moment in history the presentation of Congress highest civilian honor to our f Eric Trump on now! New report from DOJ & DHS shows that nearly 3 in 4 individuals convicted of terrorism-related charges are foreign-b Today, it was my honor to welcome President Nursultan Nazarbayev of Kazakhstan to the President Donald J. Trump Proclaims January 16, 2018, as Religious Freedom Day Unemployment for Black Americans is the lowest ever recorded. Trump approval ratings with Black Americans has doubl 90% of Trump 2017 news coverage was negative -and much of it contrived! Do you notice the Fake News Mainstream Media never likes covering the great and record setting economic news, but r The Democrats want to shut down the Government over Amnesty for all and Border Security. The biggest loser will be We must have Security at our VERY DANGEROUS SOUTHERN BORDER, and we must have a great WALL to help protect us, and Senator Dicky Durbin totally misrepresented what was said at the DACA meeting. Deals cant get made when there is n .to stop drugs, they want to take money away from our military which we cannot do. My standard is very simple, A Statement by me last night in Florida: Honestly, I dont think the Democrats want to make a deal. They talk about .big unnecessary regulation cuts made it all possible (among many other things). President Trump reversed the p President Trump is not getting the credit he deserves for the economy. Tax Cut bonuses to more than 2,000,000 work I, as President, want people coming into our Country who are going to help us become strong and great again, people DACA is probably dead because the Democrats dont really want it, they just want to talk and take desperately neede .and they knew exactly what I said and meant. They just wanted a story. FAKE NEWS! The Wall Street Journal stated falsely that I said to them I have a good relationship with Kim Jong Un (of N. Kor So much Fake News is being reported. They dont even try to get it right, or correct it when they are wrong. They p I dont believe the Democrats really want to see a deal on DACA. They are all talk and no action. This is the time AMERICA FIRST! The Democrats are all talk and no action. They are doing nothing to fix DACA. Great opportunity missed. Too bad! Yesterday was a big day for the stock market. Jobs are coming back to America. Chrysler is coming back to the USA, Today, it was my great honor to proclaim January 15, 2018, as Martin Luther King Jr., Federal Holiday. I encourage Never said anything derogatory about Haitians other than Haiti is, obviously, a very poor and troubled country. Nev Sadly, Democrats want to stop paying our troops and government workers in order to give a sweetheart deal, not a fa The language used by me at the DACA meeting was tough, but this was not the language used. What was really tough wa ...Because of the Democrats not being interested in life and safety, DACA has now taken a big step backwards. The ...countries which are doing badly. I want a merit based system of immigration and people who will help take our c The so-called bipartisan DACA deal presented yesterday to myself and a group of Republican Senators and Congressmen Reason I canceled my trip to London is that I am not a big fan of the Obama Administration having sold perhaps the The Democrats seem intent on having people and drugs pour into our country from the Southern Border, risking thousa Democrat Dianne Feinstein should never have released secret committee testimony to the public without authorization Chrysler is moving a massive plant from Mexico to Michigan, reversing a years long opposite trend. Thank you Chrysl More great news as a result of historical Tax Cuts and Reform: Fiat Chrysler announces plan to invest more than $1 Small Business Poll has highest approval numbers in the polls history. All business is just at the beginning of something really special! Thank you Adam Levine, The Federalist, in interview on Donald Trump is the greatest President our Country has ever seen. Yesterday, I signed the #INTERDICTAct (H.R. 2142) with bipartisan members of Congress to help end the flow of drugs Great news, as a result of our TAX CUTS & JOBS ACT! 45 year low in illegal immigration this year. House votes on controversial FISA ACT today. This is the act that may have been used, with the help of the discre In new Quinnipiac Poll, 66% of people feel the economy is Excellent or Good. That is the highest number ever recorded by this poll. Disproven and paid for by Democrats Dossier used to spy on Trump Campaign. Did FBI use Intel tool to influence the Good news: Toyota and Mazda announce giant new Huntsville, Alabama, plant which will produce over 300,000 cars and Cutting taxes and simplifying regulations makes America the place to invest! Great news as Toyota and Mazda announc The United States needs the security of the Wall on the Southern Border, which must be part of any DACA approval. T Today, it was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Erna Solberg of Norway to the - a great friend a I want to thank my for working tirelessly on behalf of our country. 2017 was a year of monumental achievem The single greatest Witch Hunt in American history continues. There was no collusion, everybody including the Dems The fact that Sneaky Dianne Feinstein, who has on numerous occasions stated that collusion between Trump/Russia has It just shows everyone how broken and unfair our Court System is when the opposing side in a case (such as DACA) al . HSI agents and ERO officers, on behalf of an entire Nation, THANK YOU for what you are doing 24/7/365 to k Thank you Kevin McCarthy! Couldnt agree w/you more. TOGETHER, we are #MAGA As I made very clear today, our country needs the security of the Wall on the Southern Border, which must be part of any DACA approval. Today, it was my great honor to sign a new Executive Order to ensure Veterans have the resources they need as they Thanks to all of the Republican and Democratic lawmakers for todays very productive meeting on immigration reform. It was my great honor to sign H.R. 267, the Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historical Park Act, which redesigna On behalf of the American people, THANK YOU to our incredible law enforcement officers. As President of the United We are fighting for our farmers, for our country, and for our GREAT AMERICAN FLAG. We want our flag respected - and In every decision we make, we are honoring Americas PROUD FARMING LEGACY. Years of crushing taxes, crippling regs, We have been working every day to DELIVER for Americas Farmers just as they work every day to deliver FOR US. Cant wait to be back in the amazing state of Tennessee to address the 99th American Federations Annua African American unemployment is the lowest ever recorded in our country. The Hispanic unemployment rate dropped a His is turning out to be an enormously consequential presidency. So much so that, despite my own frustration over The Stock Market has been creating tremendous benefits for our country in the form of not only Record Setting Stock The Fake News Awards, those going to the most corrupt & biased of the Mainstream Media, will be presented to the lo Jake Tapper of Fake News CNN just got destroyed in his interview with Stephen Miller of the Trump Administration. W Ive had to put up with the Fake News from the first day I announced that I would be running for President. Now I h Leaving Camp David for the White House. Great meetings with the Cabinet and Military on many very important subject ...to President of the United States (on my first try). I think that would qualify as not smart, but genius...and ...Actually, throughout my life, my two greatest assets have been mental stability and being, like, really smart. Now that Russian collusion, after one year of intense study, has proven to be a total hoax on the American public, Brian Ross, the reporter who made a fraudulent live newscast about me that drove the Stock Market down 350 points ( The African American unemployment rate fell to 6.8%, the lowest rate in 45 years. I am so happy about this News! An Michael Wolff is a total loser who made up stories in order to sell this really boring and untruthful book. He used Good idea Rand! The Mercer Family recently dumped the leaker known as Sloppy Steve Bannon. Smart! Well, now that collusion with Russia is proving to be a total hoax and the only collusion is with Hillary Clinton a Dow goes from 18,589 on November 9, 2016, to 25,075 today, for a new all-time Record. Jumped 1000 points in last 5 The Fake News Media barely mentions the fact that the Stock Market just hit another New Record and that business in I authorized Zero access to White House (actually turned him down many times) for author of phony book! I never spo MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Thank you to the great Republican Senators who showed up to our mtg on immigration reform. We must BUILD THE WALL, Dow just crashes through 25,000. Congrats! Big cuts in unnecessary regulations continuing. So beautiful...Show this picture to the NFL players who still kneel! With all of the failed experts weighing in, does anybody really believe that talks and dialogue would be going on As Americans, you need identification, sometimes in a very strong and accurate form, for almost everything you do... Many mostly Democrat States refused to hand over data from the 2016 Election to the Commission On Voter Fraud. They MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Stock Market had another good day but, now that the Tax Cut Bill has passed, we have tremendous upward potential. D Some 40 U.S. companies have responded to President Trumps tax cut and reform victory in Congress last year by han Melania and I are deeply saddened by the death of Thomas S. Monson, a beloved President of the Church of Jesus Chri Such respect for the people of Iran as they try to take back their corrupt government. You will see great support f President Trump has something now he didnt have a year ago, that is a set of accomplishments that nobody can deny I will be announcing THE MOST DISHONEST & CORRUPT MEDIA AWARDS OF THE YEAR on Monday at 5:00 oclock. Subjects will North Korean Leader Kim Jong Un just stated that the Nuclear Button is on his desk at all times. Will someone fro It's not only Pakistan that we pay billions of dollars to for nothing, but also many other countries, and others. A Congratulations to Senator Orrin Hatch on an absolutely incredible career. He has been a tremendous supporter, and We will not rest until all of Americas GREAT VETERANS can receive the care they so richly deserve. Tremendous prog Democrats are doing nothing for DACA - just interested in politics. DACA activists and Hispanics will go hard agai ...impartial journalists of a much higher standard, lose all of your phony and non-existent sources, and treat t The Failing New York Times has a new publisher, A.G. Sulzberger. Congratulations! Here is a last chance for the Tim Since taking office I have been very strict on Commercial Aviation. Good news - it was just reported that there wer Sanctions and other pressures are beginning to have a big impact on North Korea. Soldiers are dangerously fleeing Companies are giving big bonuses to their workers because of the Tax Cut Bill. Really great! Thank you to Brandon Judd of the National Border Patrol Council for your kind words on how well we are doing at the Crooked Hillary Clintons top aid, Huma Abedin, has been accused of disregarding basic security protocols. She put The people of Iran are finally acting against the brutal and corrupt Iranian regime. All of the money that Presiden Will be leaving Florida for Washington (D.C.) today at 4:00 P.M. Much work to be done, but it will be a great New Year! The United States has foolishly given Pakistan more than 33 billion dollars in aid over the last 15 years, and they HAPPY NEW YEAR! We are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, and much faster than anyone thought possible! As our Country rapidly grows stronger and smarter, I want to wish all of my friends, supporters, enemies, haters, a Iran, the Number One State of Sponsored Terror with numerous violations of Human Rights occurring on an hourly basi What a year its been, and we're just getting started. Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Happy New Year!! My deepest condolences to the victims of the terrible shooting in Douglas County and their families. We Why would smart voters want to put Democrats in Congress in 2018 Election when their policies will totally kill the If the Dems (Crooked Hillary) got elected, your stocks would be down 50% from values on Election Day. Now they have Big protests in Iran. The people are finally getting wise as to how their money and wealth is being stolen and squa Trump Rally: Stocks put 2017 in the record books Jobs are kicking in and companies are coming back to the U.S. Unnecessary regulations and high taxes are being dram I use Social Media not because I like to, but because it is the only way to fight a VERY dishonest and unfair pres On Taxes: This is the biggest corporate rate cut ever, going back to the corporate income tax rate of roughly 80 y Oppressive regimes cannot endure forever, and the day will come when the Iranian people will face a choice. The wor The entire world understands that the good people of Iran want change, and, other than the vast military power of t Many reports of peaceful protests by Iranian citizens fed up with regimes corruption & its squandering of the nati The Democrats have been told, and fully understand, that there can be no DACA without the desperately needed WALL a Why is the United States Post Office, which is losing many billions of dollars a year, while charging Amazon and ot While the Fake News loves to talk about my so-called low approval rating, just showed that my rating In the East, it could be the COLDEST New Years Eve on record. Perhaps we could use a little bit of that good old G Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! I've been saying it for a long, long time. #NoKo Caught RED HANDED - very disappointed that China is allowing oil to go into North Korea. There will never be a frie Retail sales are at record numbers. Weve got the economy going better than anyone ever dreamt - and you havent seen anything yet! Vanity Fair, which looks like it is on its last legs, is bending over backwards in apologizing for the minor hit th Arrests of MS-13 Members, Associates Up 83% Under Trump On 1/20 - the day Trump was inaugurated - an estimated 35,000 ISIS fighters held approx 17,500 square miles of ter Just left West Palm Beach Fire & Rescue #2. Met with great men and women as representatives of those who do so much All signs are that business is looking really good for next year, only to be helped further by our Tax Cut Bill. Wi WOW, Dossier is bogus. Clinton Campaign, DNC funded Dossier. FBI CANNOT (after all of this time) V Based on the fact that the very unfair and unpopular Individual Mandate has been terminated as part of our Tax Cut I hope everyone is having a great Christmas, then tomorrow its back to work in order to Make America Great Again ( MERRY CHRISTMAS! MERRY CHRISTMAS!! People are proud to be saying Merry Christmas again. I am proud to have led the charge against the assault of our c The Tax Cut/Reform Bill, including Massive Alaska Drilling and the Repeal of the highly unpopular Individual Mandat The Fake News refuses to talk about how Big and how Strong our BASE is. They show Fake Polls just like they report . Andrew McCabe, in addition to his wife getting all of this money from M (Clinton Puppet), he was u Remember, the Republicans are 5-0 in Congressional races this year. In Senate, I said Roy M would lose in Alabama a The Stock Market is setting record after record and unemployment is at a 17 year low. So many things accomplished Wow, FBI lawyer James Baker reassigned, according to FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe is racing the clock to retire with full benefits. 90 days to go?! How can FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, the man in charge, along with leakin James Comey, of the Phony Hillary Remember, the most hated part of ObamaCare is the Individual Mandate, which is being terminated under our just signed Tax Cut Bill. Today, it was my great honor to sign the largest TAX CUTS and reform in the history of our country. Full remarks: The United Nations Security Council just voted 15-0 in favor of additional Sanctions on North Korea. The World wants Peace, not Death! Congressman Ron DeSantis is a brilliant young leader, Yale and then Harvard Law, who would make a GREAT Governor of 95% of Americans will pay less or, at worst, the same amount of taxes (mostly far less). The Dems only want to raise your taxes! Will be signing the biggest ever Tax Cut and Reform Bill in 30 minutes in Oval Office. Will also be signing a much With all my Administration has done on Legislative Approvals (broke Harry Trumans Record), Regulation Cutting, Jud The President has accomplished some absolutely historic things during this past year. Thank you Charlie Kirk of T At some point, and for the good of the country, I predict we will start working with the Democrats in a Bipartisan So true! Our big and very popular Tax Cut and Reform Bill has taken on an unexpected new source of love - that is big comp THANK YOU to everyone who joined me at the yesterday. Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! House Democrats want a SHUTDOWN for the holidays in order to distract from the very popular, just passed, Tax Cuts. Home Sales hit BEST numbers in 10 years! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN Was just named the most influential show in news? You deserve it - three great people! The many Fake The Massive Tax Cuts, which the Fake News Media is desperate to write badly about so as to please their Democrat bo WE ARE MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! We are delivering HISTORIC TAX RELIEF for the American people! #TaxCutsandJobsAct Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! I would like to congratulate on having done a fantastic job both strategically & politically on the p The United States Senate just passed the biggest in history Tax Cut and Reform Bill. Terrible Individual Mandate (O Congratulations to Paul Ryan, Kevin McCarthy, Kevin Brady, Steve Scalise, Cathy McMorris Rodgers and all great Hous A story in the that I was close to rescinding the nomination of Justice Gorsuch prior to confirm DOW RISES 5000 POINTS ON THE YEAR FOR THE FIRST TIME EVER - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Together, our task is to strengthen our families, to build up our communities, to serve our citizens, and to celebr With the strategy that I announced today, we are declaring that AMERICA is in the game and AMERICA is DETERMINED to 70 Record Closes for the Dow so far this year! We have NEVER had 70 Dow Records in a one year period. Wow! Thank you Maria B! So true Ivanka! As the world watches, we are days away from passing HISTORIC TAX CUTS for American families and businesses. It will When the American People speak, ALL OF US should listen. Just over one year ago, you spoke loud and clear. On Novem Over the past 11 months, I have travelled tens of thousands of miles, to visit 13 countries. I have met with more t Our deepest sympathies and most heartfelt prayers are with the victims of the train derailment in Washington State. My thoughts and prayers are with everyone involved in the train accident in DuPont, Washington. Thank you to all of The train accident that just occurred in DuPont, WA shows more than ever why our soon to be submitted infrastructur Ivanka Trump will be interviewed on Remember, Republicans are 5-0 in Congressional Races this year. The media refuses to mention this. I said Gillespie More than a century after conquering flight, the #WrightBrothers continue to motivate & inspire Americans, who neve Wonderful weekend at Camp David. A very special place. A lot of very important work done. Heading back to the As a candidate, I promised we would pass a massive TAX CUT for the everyday working American families who are the WEEKLY ADDRESS TAX CUTS will increase investment in the American economy and in U.S. workers, leading to higher growth, higher wag Congratulations to two great and hardworking guys, Corey Lewandowski and David Bossie, on the success of their just Great job Kevin, we are all proud of you! DOW, S&P 500 and NASDAQ close at record highs! #MAGA Today, it was my tremendous honor to visit Marine Helicopter Squadron One (HMX-1) at the Marine Corps Air Facility You are always there for us THE MEN AND WOMEN IN BLUE. Thank you to our police, thank you to our sheriffs, and t To each member of the graduating class from the National Academy at Quantico, CONGRATULATIONS! It was my honor. THANK YOU! Manufacturing Optimism Rose to Another All-Time High in the Latest Outlook Survey In 1960, there were approximately 20,000 pages in the Code of Federal Regulations. Today there are over 185,000 pag When Americans are free to thrive, innovate, & prosper, there is no challenge too great, no task too large, & no go Today, we gathered in the Roosevelt Room for one single reason: to CUT THE RED TAPE! For many decades, an ever-grow As a candidate, I promised we would pass a massive tax cut for the everyday, working Americans. If you make your vo Republican Tax Cuts are looking very good. All are working hard. In the meantime, the Stock Market hit another record high! Thank you Omarosa for your service! I wish you continued success. If last nights election proved anything, it proved that we need to put up GREAT Republican candidates to increase Wow, more than 90% of Fake News Media coverage of me is negative, with numerous forced retractions of untrue storie The reason I originally endorsed Luther Strange (and his numbers went up mightily), is that I said Roy Moore will n Congratulations to Doug Jones on a hard fought victory. The write-in votes played a very big factor, but a win is a Wishing all of those celebrating #Hanukah around the world a happy and healthy eight nights in the company of thos Consumer Confidence is at an All-Time High, along with a Record High Stock Market. Unemployment is at a 17 year low The people of Alabama will do the right thing. Doug Jones is Pro-Abortion, weak on Crime, Military and Illegal Immi Lightweight Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, a total flunky for Chuck Schumer and someone who would come to my office Despite thousands of hours wasted and many millions of dollars spent, the Democrats have been unable to show any co Another false story, this time in the Failing that I watch 4-8 hours of television a day - Wrong! Also, Very little discussion of all the purposely false and defamatory stories put out this week by the Fake News Media. Getting closer and closer on the Tax Cut Bill. Shaping up even better than projected. House and Senate working very Things are going really well for our economy, a subject the Fake News spends as little time as possible discussing! No American should be separated from their loved ones because of preventable crime committed by those illegally in Great Army - Navy Game. Army wins 14 to 13 and brings home the COMMANDER-IN-CHIEFS TROPHY! Congratulations! . of the Washington Post just admitted that his picture was a FAKE (fraud?) showing an almost empty aren . put out a phony photo of an empty arena hours before I arrived @ the venue, w/ thousan Have a great game today, and - I will be watching. We love our U.S. Military. On behalf of an ent It was my great honor to celebrate the opening of two extraordinary museums-the Mississippi State History Museum & Heading to the great state of Mississippi at the invitation of their popular and respected Governor, CNNS slogan is CNN, THE MOST TRUSTED NAME IN NEWS. Everyone knows this is not true, that this could, in fact, be a Fake News CNN made a vicious and purposeful mistake yesterday. They were caught red handed, just like lonely Brian A big contingent of very enthusiastic Roy Moore fans at the rally last night. We cant have a Pelosi/Schumer Libera GREAT EVENING last night in Pensacola, Florida. Arena was packed to the rafters, the crowd was loud, loving and rea We believe that every American should stand for the National Anthem, and we proudly pledge allegiance to one NATION This is your land, this is your home, and it's your voice that matters the most. So speak up, be heard, and fight, Just arrived at the Pensacola Bay Center. Join me LIVE on in 10 minutes! #MAGA On my way to Pensacola, Florida. See everyone soon! #MAGA The unemployment rate remains at a 17-year low of 4.1%. The unemployment rate in manufacturing dropped to 2.6%, th MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Fines and penalties against Wells Fargo Bank for their bad acts against their customers and others will not be drop LAST thing the Make America Great Again Agenda needs is a Liberal Democrat in Senate where we have so little margin Big crowd expected today in Pensacola, Florida, for a Make America Great Again speech. We have done so much in so s I fulfilled my campaign promise - others didnt! Tonight, Melania and I were thrilled to welcome so many wonderful friends to the and wish the Across the battlefields, oceans, and harrowing skies of Europe and the Pacific throughout the war, one great battle Today, as we Remember Pearl Harbor, it was an incredible honor to be joined with surviving Veterans of the attack o Today, the U.S. flag flies at half-staff at the in honor of National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day. Today, our entire nation pauses to REMEMBER PEARL HARBORand the brave warriors who on that day stood tall and foug National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day - A day that will live in infamy! December 7, 1941 Go get the new book on Andrew Jackson by Brian Kilmeade.Really good. I have determined that it is time to officially recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. I am also directing t Join me live from the via #Periscope Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone in the path of Californias wildfires. I encourage everyone to heed the MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Join me this Friday in Pensacola, Florida at the Pensacola Bay Center! Tickets: Yesterday, I was thrilled to be with so many WONDERFUL friends, in Utahs MAGNIFICENT Capitol. It was my honor to A must watch: Legal Scholar Alan Dershowitz was just on talking of what is going on with respect to With the great vote on Cutting Taxes, this could be a big day for the Stock Market - and YOU! Putting Pelosi/Schumer Liberal Puppet Jones into office in Alabama would hurt our great Republican Agenda of low on Democrats refusal to give even one vote for massive Tax Cuts is why we need Republican Roy Moore to win in Alabama. Report: ANTI-TRUMP FBI AGENT LED CLINTON EMAIL PROBE Now it all starts to make sense! People who lost money when the Stock Market went down 350 points based on the False and Dishonest reporting of Bria After years of Comey, with the phony and dishonest Clinton investigation (and more), running the FBI, its reputatio Tainted (no, very dishonest?) FBI agents role in Clinton probe under review. Led Clinton Email probe. Such a total miscarriage of Justice in San Francisco! I never asked Comey to stop investigating Flynn. Just more Fake News covering another Comey lie! Congratulations to News for suspending Brian Ross for his horrendously inaccurate and dishonest report on the Many people in our Country are asking what the Justice Department is going to do about the fact that totally Croo So General Flynn lies to the FBI and his life is destroyed, while Crooked Hillary Clinton, on that now famous FBI h Great job First Lady Melania! 62 years ago this week, a brave seamstress in Montgomery, Alabama uttered one word that changed history. I had to fire General Flynn because he lied to the Vice President and the FBI. He has pled guilty to those lies. It Biggest Tax Bill and Tax Cuts in history just passed in the Senate. Now these great Republicans will be going for f We are one step closer to delivering MASSIVE tax cuts for working families across America. Special thanks to Economists on the TAX CUTS and JOBS ACT: The enactment of a comprehensive overhaul - complete with a lower corpor The media has been speculating that I fired Rex Tillerson or that he would be leaving soon - FAKE NEWS! Hes not le Republicans Senators are working hard to pass the biggest Tax Cuts in the history of our Country. The Bill is getti The jury was not told the killer of Kate was a 7 time felon. The Schumer/Pelosi Democrats are so weak on Crime that The Kate Steinle killer came back and back over the weakly protected Obama border, always committing crimes and bei A disgraceful verdict in the Kate Steinle case! No wonder the people of our Country are so angry with Illegal Immigration. The Christmas Story begins 2,000 years ago with a mother, a father, their baby son and the most extraordinary gift Today is a day that Ive been looking very much forward to ALL YEAR LONG. It is one that you have heard me speak ab Our FIFTH 1K milestone of 2017! #DOW24K #MAGA Today, it was my great honor to meet with the Crown Prince of Bahrain at the Bahrain and the United St Thank you Lets continue MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! The Dow just broke 24,000 for the first time (another all-time Record). If the Dems had won the Presidential Electi Stock Market hits new Record High. Confidence and enthusiasm abound. More great numbers coming out! The Chinese Envoy, who just returned from North Korea, seems to have had no impact on Little Rocket Man. Hard to be The Failing has totally gone against the Social Media Guidelines that they installed to preserve some cred The Failing the pipe organ for the Democrat Party, has become a virtual lobbyist for them with regard to Funny to hear the Democrats talking about the National Debt when President Obama doubled it in only 8 years! Had the information (Crooked Hillarys emails) been released there would have been harm to National Security... The only people who dont like the Tax Cut Bill are the people that dont understand it or the Obstructionist Democ The House of Representatives seeks contempt citations(?) against the JusticeDepartment and the FBI for withholding . dont focus on me, focus on the destructive Radical Islamic Terrorism that is taking place within th Now, we have a once in a lifetime opportunity to RESTORE AMERICAN PROSPERITY and RECLAIM AMERICAS DESTINY. But A vote to CUT TAXES is a vote to PUT AMERICA FIRST. It is time to take care of OUR WORKERS, to protect OUR COMMUNIT This week, the Senate can join the House & take a strong stand for the Middle Class families who are the backbone o Departing for St. Charles, Missouri to help push our plan for HISTORIC TAX CUTS across the finish line. Economy growing! Excluding hurricane effects, CEA estimates that real GDP growth would have been 3.9% in Q3. Stock Just spoke to President XI JINPING of China concerning the provocative actions of North Korea. Additional major san So now that Matt Lauer is gone when will the Fake News practitioners at NBC be terminating the contract of Phil Gri Wow, Matt Lauer was just fired from NBC for inappropriate sexual behavior in the workplace. But when will the top Looks like another great day for the Stock Market. Consumer Confidence is at Record High. I guess somebody likes me (my policies)! Great, and we should boycott Fake News CNN. Dealing with them is a total waste of time! . we are in record territory in all things having to do with our economy! Great day for Tax Cuts and the Republican Party. But the biggest Winner will be our great Country! Great work Ivanka! Just won the lawsuit on leadership of Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, CFPB. A big win for the Consumer! Charles McCullough, the respected fmr Intel Comm Inspector General, said public was misled on Crooked Hillary Email After North Korea missile launch, it's more important than ever to fund our gov't & military! Dems shouldn't hold t The Conference Board said that consumer sentiment was at its highest level in nearly 17 years in November. The Con Dow, S&P 500 and Nasdaq all finished the day at new RECORD HIGHS! Remarks from the Roosevelt Room with Mitch McConnell, and Secretary of Defense, General Statement from President Donald J. Trump on #GivingTuesday Meeting with Chuck and Nancy today about keeping government open and working. Problem is they want illegal immigr Melania, our great and very hard working First Lady, who truly loves what she is doing, always thought that if you At least 24 players kneeling this weekend at NFL stadiums that are now having a very hard time filling up. The Amer Thank you Rand! New home sales reach a 10 year high. Stock Market has more record gains. Hopefully Republican Senators will give us The Tax Cut Bill is coming along very well, great support. With just a few changes, some mathematical, the middle c The good news is that their ratings are terrible, nobody cares! We should have a contest as to which of the Networks, plus CNN and not including Fox, is the most dishonest, corrup Back in D.C., big week for Tax Cuts and many other things of great importance to our Country. Senate Republicans w Since the first day I took office, all you hear is the phony Democrat excuse for losing the election, Russia, Russi I endorsed Luther Strange in the Alabama Primary. He shot way up in the polls but it wasnt enough. Cant let Schum The last thing we need in Alabama and the U.S. Senate is a Schumer/Pelosi puppet who is WEAK on Crime, WEAK on the Wow, even I didnt realize we did so much. Wish the Fake News would report! Thank you.. is MUCH more important in the United States than CNN, but outside of the U.S., CNN International is still Check out the recent Editorial in the Wall Street Journal about what a complete disaster the has been un The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, or CFPB, has been a total disaster as run by the previous Administrations Happy #SmallBusinesaturday! A great day to support your community and Americas JOB creators by shopping locally Time Magazine called to say that I was PROBABLY going to be named Man (Person) of the Year, like last year, but I Will be calling the President of Egypt in a short while to discuss the tragic terrorist attack, with so much loss o Horrible and cowardly terrorist attack on innocent and defenseless worshipers in Egypt. The world cannot tolerate t After Turkey call I will be heading over to Trump National Golf Club, Jupiter, to play golf (quickly) with Tiger Wo Will be speaking to President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey this morning about bringing peace to the mess that I i Can you believe that the disrespect for our Country, our Flag, our Anthem continues without penalty to the players. Two great people! A great guy (with great ratings)! ObamaCare premiums are going up, up, up, just as I have been predicting for two years. ObamaCare is OWNED by the De My great honor to join our incredible men and women of the at the Lake Worth Inlet Station, in Riviera Beach HAPPY THANKSGIVING! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! HAPPY THANKSGIVING, your Country is starting to do really well. Jobs coming back, highest Stock Market EVER, Milita ...And it will get even better with Tax Cuts! I have long given the order to help Argentina with the Search and Rescue mission of their missing submarine. 45 peo 51 Million American to travel this weekend - highest number in twelve years (a). Traffic and airports are running very smoothly! The is conducting search and rescue following aircraft crash. We are monitoring the situation. Prayers for Will be having meetings and working the phones from the Winter White House in Florida (Mar-a-Lago). Stock Market hi The NFL is now thinking about a new idea - keeping teams in the Locker Room during the National Anthem next season..LaVar, you could have spent the next 5 to 10 years during Thanksgiving with your son in China, but no NBA contra It wasnt the White House, it wasnt the State Department, it wasnt father LaVars so-called people on the ground Today, we continued a wonderful American Tradition at the White House. Drumstick and Wishbone will live out their d President Donald J. Trump and Melania Participate in the Pardoning of the National Thanksgiving Turkey at t Under President Trump unemployment rate will drop below 4%. Analysts predict economic boom for 2018! and Marshawn Lynch of the NFLs Oakland Raiders stands for the Mexican Anthem and sits down to boos for our National An Republican Senators are working very hard to get Tax Cuts and Tax Reform approved. Hopefully it will not be long an Border Patrol Officer killed at Southern Border, another badly hurt. We will seek out and bring to justice those re Big-game trophy decision will be announced next week but will be very hard pressed to change my mind that this horr Shoplifting is a very big deal in China, as it should be (5-10 years in jail), but not to father LaVar. Should have Now that the three basketball players are out of China and saved from years in jail, LaVar Ball, the father of LiAn Crooked Hillary Clinton is the worst (and biggest) loser of all time. She just cant stop, which is so good for the Put big game trophy decision on hold until such time as I review all conservation facts. Under study for years. Wil Today, it was an honor to celebrate the Collegiate National Champions of 2016/2017 at the Together, we're going to restore safety to our streets and peace to our communities, and we're going to destroy the If Democrats were not such obstructionists and understood the power of lower taxes, we would be able to get many of their ideas into Bill! Great numbers on Stocks and the Economy. If we get Tax Cuts and Reform, we'll really see some great results! .And to think that just last week he was lecturing anyone who would listen about sexual harassment and respect for women. Lesley Stahl tape? The Al Frankenstien picture is really bad, speaks a thousand words. Where do his hands go in pictures 2, 3, 4, 5 & 6 while she sleeps? . Big win today in the House for GOP Tax Cuts and Reform, 227-205. Zero Dems, they want to raise taxes much higher, but not for our military! Congratulations to the House of Representatives for passing the #TaxCutsandJobsAct a big step toward fulfilling o Need all on the UN Security Council to vote to renew the Joint Investigative Mechanism for Syria to ensure that Ass China is sending an Envoy and Delegation to North Korea - A big move, we'll see what happens! ...your release possible and, HAVE A GREAT LIFE! Be careful, there are many pitfalls on the long and winding road of life! To the three UCLA basketball players I say: You're welcome, go out and give a big Thank You to President Xi Jinping of China who made. Big vote tomorrow in the House. Tax cuts are getting close! Why are Democrats fighting massive tax cuts for the middle class and business (jobs)? The reason: Obstruction and Delay! It is actually hard to believe how naive (or dumb) the Failing is when it comes to foreign policy.weak and ineffective! .They should realize that these relationships are a good thing, not a bad thing. The U.S. is being respected again. Watch Trade! The failing hates the fact that I have developed a great relationship with World leaders like Xi Jinping, President of China. Do you think the three UCLA Basketball Players will say thank you President Trump? They were headed for 10 years in jail! Thank you! Thank you, working hard! While in the Philippines I was forced to watch which I have not done in months, and again realized how bad, and FAKE, it is. Loser! . will be showing much of our successful trip to Asia, and the friendships & benefits that will endure for years to come! Our great country is respected again in Asia. You will see the fruits of our long but successful trip for many years to come! Just returned from Asia after 12 very successful days. Great to be home! THANK YOU ASIA! #USA THANK YOU to the amazing staff and their families of the United States Embassy in the Philippines. Keep up the GREA One of the most accurate polls last time around. But #FakeNews likes to say were in the 30s. They are wrong. Some I will be making a major statement from the upon my return to D.C. Time and date to be set. Just arrived at #ASEAN50 in the Philippines for my final stop with World Leaders. Will lead to FAIR TRADE DEALS, un After my tour of Asia, all Countries dealing with us on TRADE know that the rules have changed. The United States h Great to see looking well and back on the Senate floor. He will help us with TAX CUTS and REFORM! Excited to be heading home to see the House pass a GREAT Tax Bill with the middle class getting big TAX CUTS! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain I am proud of the Rep. House & Senate for working so hard on cutting taxes {& reform.} Were getting close! Now, ho Happy to announce, I am nominating Alex Azar to be the next HHS Secretary. He will be a star for better healthcare and lower drug prices! Will be leaving the Philippines tomorrow after many days of constant mtgs & work in order to #MAGA! My promises are rapidly being fulfilled. Great day of bilateral meetings at #ASEANSummit on trade, which we are turning around to be great deals for our cou Thank you! We had a wonderful visit to Vietnam, thank you President Tran Dai Quang! Heading to the #ASEANSummit 50th Anniv Gal Just landed in the Philippines after a great day of meetings and events in Hanoi, Vietnam! Why would Kim Jong-un insult me by calling me old, when I would NEVER call him short and fat? Oh well, I try so Does the Fake News Media remember when Crooked Hillary Clinton, as Secretary of State, was begging Russia to be our When will all the haters and fools out there realize that having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing, n Met with President Putin of Russia who was at #APEC meetings. Good discussions on Syria. Hope for his help to solve Will be doing a joint press conference in Hanoi, Vietnam then heading for final destination of trip, the Phillipines. President Xi of China has stated that he is upping the sanctions against #NoKo. Said he wants them to denuclearize. Progress is being made. Presidential Proclamation Commemorating the 50th Anniversary of the Vietnam War On this wonderful Veterans Day, I want to express the incredible gratitude of the entire American Nation to our GRE On behalf of an entire nation, Happy 242nd Birthday to the men and women of the United States Marines! #USMC242 The United States has been reminded time and again in recent years that economic security is not merely RELATED to The United States is prepared to work with each of the leaders in this room today to achieve mutually beneficial co Today I am here to offer a renewed partnership with America -- to work together to strengthen the bonds of friendsh In more and more places throughout this region, citizens of SOVEREIGN and INDEPENDENT nations have taken greater co Throughout my travels, I've had the pleasure of sharing the good news from America. I've had the honor of sharing o Just landed in Da Nang, Vietnam to deliver a speech at #APEC2017 I am leaving China for #APEC2017 in Vietnam. Melania is staying behind to see the zoo, and of course, the G My meetings with President Xi Jinping were very productive on both trade and the subject of North Korea. He is a hi I dont blame China, I blame the incompetence of past Admins for allowing China to take advantage of the U.S. on tr In the coming months and years ahead I look forward to building an even STRONGER relationship between the United St President Xi, thank you for such an incredible welcome ceremony. It was a truly memorable and impressive display! Congratulations to all of the DEPLORABLES and the millions of people who gave us a MASSIVE (304-227) Electoral Co Looking forward to a full day of meetings with President Xi and our delegations tomorrow. THANK YOU for the beautif NoKo has interpreted America's past restraint as weakness. This would be a fatal miscalculation. Do not underestima On behalf of Melania and I, THANK YOU for an unforgettableafternoon and eveningat theForbidden City in Leaving South Korea now heading to China. Looking very much forward to meeting and being with President Xi! Together, we dream of a Korea that is free, a peninsula that is safe, and families that are reunited once again! Anyone who doubts the strength or determination of the U.S. should look to our past...and you will doubt it no lon The North Korean regime has pursued its nuclear & ballistic missile programs in defiance of every assurance, agreem The U.S., under my administration, is completely rebuilding its military, and they're spending hundreds of billions Join me LIVE in South Korea #NationalAssembly #POTUSinAsia Ed Gillespie worked hard but did not embrace me or what I stand for. Dont forget, Republicans won 4 out of 4 House Getting ready to make a major speech to the National Assembly here in South Korea, then will be headed to China whe Thank you to all Americans who participated in Natl Rx Drug Take Back Day. A record amount of drugs collected & disposed. We can do this! Franklin, such a great photo. HAPPY 99th BIRTHDAY to your father, . will totally turn around the high crime and poor economic performance of VA. MS-13 and crime will be gone. Vote today, ASAP! Ralph Northam will allow crime to be rampant in Virginia. Hes weak on crime, weak on our GREAT VETS, Anti-Second Amendment... Stock market hit yet another all-time record high yesterday. There is great confidence in the moves that my Administration... Thank you to President Moon of South Korea for the beautiful welcoming ceremony. It will always be remembered. It was my great honor to have lunch with our INCREDIBLE U.S. and ROK troops at Camp Humphreys, in South Korea. I have great confidence in King Salman and the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia, they know exactly what they are doing... Getting ready to leave for South Korea and meetings with President Moon, a fine gentleman. We will figure it all out! My visit to Japan and friendship with PM Abe will yield many benefits, for our great Country. Massive military & energy orders happening+! The state of Virginia economy, under Democrat rule, has been terrible. If you vote Ed Gillespie tomorrow, it will come roaring back! #USA #Japan .Americans do what we do best: we pull together. We join hands. We lock arms and through the tears and the sadnes May God be w/ the people of Sutherland Springs, Texas. The FBI & law enforcement are on the scene. I am monitoring the situation from Japan. Heading into the 12 days with great negotiating strength because of our tremendous economy. It was a true honor to be at Yokota Air Base with our GREAT Playing golf with Prime Minister Abe and Hideki Matsuyama, two wonderful people! Just gave a speech to the great men and women at Yokota Air Base in Tokyo, Japan. Leaving to see Prime Minister Abe. I am landing shortly. Cant wait to be with our GREAT MILITARY. See you soon! Would very much appreciate Saudi Arabia doing their IPO of Aramco with the New York Stock Exchange. Important to the United States! Unemployment is down to 4.1%, lowest in 17 years. 1.5 million new jobs created since I took office. Highest stock Market ever, up $5.4 trill Thank you to our GREAT Military/Veterans and #PearlHarbor. Remember the Thank you for such a beautiful welcome Hawaii. My great honor to visit upon arrival. Heading to Pea Getting ready to land in Hawaii. Looking so much forward to meeting with our great Military/Veterans at Pearl Harbor! The decision on Sergeant Bergdahl is a complete and total disgrace to our Country and to our Military. JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! The rigged Dem Primary, one of the biggest political stories in years, got ZERO coverage on Fake News Network TV last night. Disgraceful! Just took off for ceremony @ Pearl Harbor. Will then be heading to Japan, SKorea, China, Vietnam & the Philippines. Will never let you down! I always felt I would be running and winning against Bernie Sanders, not Crooked H, without cheating, I was right. Bernie Sanders supporters have every right to be apoplectic of the complete theft of the Dem primary by Crooked Hillary! .Based on that, the Military has hit ISIS much harder over the last two days. They will pay a big price for every attack on us! ISIS just claimed the Degenerate Animal who killed, and so badly wounded, the wonderful people on the West Side, was their soldier.. Pocahontas just stated that the Democrats, lead by the legendary Crooked Hillary Clinton, rigged the Primaries! Lets go FBI & Justice Dept. The real story on Collusion is in Donna s new book. Crooked Hillary bought the DNC & then stole the Democratic Primary from Crazy Bernie! ...People are angry. At some point the Justice Department, and the FBI, must do what is right and proper. The American public deserves it! .New Donna book says she paid for and stole the Dem Primary. What about the deleted E-mails, Uranium, Podesta, the Server, plus, plus. Everybody is asking why the Justice Department (and FBI) isn't looking into all of the dishonesty going on with Crooked Hillary & the Dems... My Twitter account was taken down for 11 minutes by a rogue employee. I guess the word must finally be getting out-and having an impact. I will be interviewed by on at 10:00. Enjoy! The opening statement about our once cherished and great FBI was so sad to watch. James Comey's leadership was a disaster! ...This is real collusion and dishonesty. Major violation of Campaign Finance Laws and Money Laundering - where is our Justice Department? Donna Brazile just stated the DNC RIGGED the system to illegally steal the Primary from Bernie Sanders. Bought and paid for by Crooked H... Great Tax Cut rollout today. The lobbyists are storming Capital Hill, but the Republicans will hold strong and do what is right for America! Today, it was my pleasure and great honor to announce my nomination of Jerome Powell to be the next Chairman of the Broadcom's move to America=$20 BILLION of annual rev into U.S.A., $3+ BILLION/yr. in research/engineering & $6 BILL Today, we are thrilled to welcome CEO Hock Tan to the WH to announce he is moving their HQs from Singapo Congress must end chain migration so that we can have a system that is SECURITY BASED! We need to make AMERICA SAFE I am calling on Congress to TERMINATE the diversity visa lottery program that presents significant vulnerabilities Congratulations to the Houston 2017 #WorldSeries Champions#HoustonStrong #EarnHistory .There is also something appropriate about keeping him in the home of the horrible crime he committed. Should move fast. DEATH PENALTY! Would love to send the NYC terrorist to Guantanamo but statistically that process takes much longer than going through the Federal system. NYC terrorist was happy as he asked to hang ISIS flag in his hospital room. He killed 8 people, badly injured 12. SHOULD GET DEATH PENALTY! Great mtg w/ today. Tomorrow, I will be announcing the new head of the Fed. I think you will be extremely Happy birthday to a truly great Champion and Person! It is finally happening for our great clean coal miners! The United States will be immediately implementing much tougher Extreme Vetting Procedures. The safety of our citizens comes first! Just spoke to President Macri of Argentina about the five proud and wonderful men killed in the West Side terror attack. God be with them! CHAIN MIGRATION must end now! Some people come in, and they bring their whole family with them, who can be truly ev Thanks to McConnell and the we are appointing high-quality Federal District. Thank you to the GREAT NYPD, First Responders and all govt officials for having handled the terrible West Side atta Just spoke with and de Blasio to let them know that the federal government. We mourn the horrifying terrorist attack in NYC. All of America is praying and grieving for the families who lost t ...for the Middle Class. The House and Senate should consider ASAP as the process of final approval moves along. Push Biggest Tax Cuts EVER Wouldn't it be great to Repeal the very unfair and unpopular Individual Mandate in ObamaCare and use those savings for further Tax Cuts. #NYCStrong #USA Senator Chuck Schumer helping to import Europes problems said Col.Tony Shaffer. We will stop this craziness! We are fighting hard for Merit Based immigration, no more Democrat Lottery Systems. We must get MUCH tougher (and smarter). The terrorist came into our country through what is called the Diversity Visa Lottery Program, a Chuck Schumer beauty. I want merit based. I have just ordered Homeland Security to step up our already Extreme Vetting Program. Being politically correct is fine, but not for this! The Republican House members are working hard (and late) toward the Massive Tax Cuts that they know you deserve. These will be biggest ever! My thoughts, condolences and prayers to the victims and families of the New York City terrorist attack. God and your country are with you! We must not allow ISIS to return, or enter, our country after defeating them in the Middle East and elsewhere. Enough! In NYC, looks like another attack by a very sick and deranged person. Law enforcement is following this closely. NOT IN THE U.S.A.! U.S. COAL PRODUCTION Up7.8% past year. Down31.5% last 10 years. #EndingWarOnCoal Home Prices Reach New All-Time Highs in August Read more: Consumer Confidence Hits Highest Level Since December 2000 Read more: Wishing everyone a safe and Happy Halloween! #Halloween2017 Thank you Statement by President Trump on the Apprehension of Mustafa al-Imam for His Alleged Role in Benghazi Attacks ...earth shattering. He and his brother could Drain The Swamp, which would be yet another campaign promise fulfilled. Fake News weak! The biggest story yesterday, the one that has the Dems in a dither, is Podesta running from his firm. What he know about Crooked Dems is... I hope people will start to focus on our Massive Tax Cuts for Business (jobs) and the Middle Class (in addition to Democrat corruption)! ...came to the campaign. Few people knew the young, low level volunteer named George, who has already proven to be a liar. Check the DEMS! The Fake News is working overtime. As Paul Manaforts lawyer said, there was no collusion and events mentioned took place long before he.Also, there is NO COLLUSION! Sorry, but this is years ago, before Paul Manafort was part of the Trump campaign. But why aren't Crooked Hillary & the Dems the focus? Great job by MichaelCaputo on Report out that Obama Campaign paid $972,000 to Fusion GPS. The firm also got $12,400,000 (really?) from DNC. Nobody knows who OK'd! All of this Russia talk right when the Republicans are making their big push for historic Tax Cuts & Reform. Is this coincidental? NOT! .are now fighting back like never before. There is so much GUILT by Democrats/Clinton, and now the facts are pouring out. DO SOMETHING! . collusion, which doesn't exist. The Dems are using this terrible (and bad for our country) Witch Hunt for evil politics, but the R's..the Uranium to Russia deal, the 33,000 plus deleted Emails, the Comey fix and so much more. Instead they look at phony Trump/Russia,... Never seen such Republican ANGER & UNITY as I have concerning the lack of investigation on Clinton made Fake Dossier (now $12,000,000?),... As usual, the ObamaCare premiums will be up (the Dems own it), but we will Repeal & Replace and have great Healthcare soon after Tax Cuts! JFK Files are released, long ahead of schedule! While not at all presidential I must point out that the Sloppy Michael Moore Show on Broadway was a TOTAL BOMB and was forced to close. Sad! Happy #FirstRespondersDay to all of our HEROES out there. We are forever grateful to you for your service, sacrific After strict consultation with General Kelly, the CIA and other Agencies, I will be releasing ALL #JFKFiles other than the names and. Today is National Prescription Drug Take Back Day. Everyone can help fight the #OpioidEpidemic by participating! Just read the nice remarks by President Jimmy Carter about me and how badly I am treated by the press (Fake News). Thank you Mr. President! Very little reporting about the GREAT GDP numbers announced yesterday (3.0 despite the big hurricane hits). Best consecutive Q's in years! WHAT HAPPENED How Team Hillary played the press for fools on Russia WE KNOW! #JFKFiles Happy Birthday People are anxiously awaiting my decision as to who the next head of the Fed will be. Chris Wallace: More evidence of Dem collusion with Russia than GOP We are inspired by the stories of everyday heroes who pull their communities from the depths of despair through lea Diane Black of Tennessee, the highly respected House Budget Committee Chairwoman, did a GREAT job in passing Budget, setting up big Tax Cuts Thank you It is now commonly agreed, after many months of COSTLY looking, that there was NO collusion between Russia and Trump. Was collusion with HC! Happy birthday to the great You and your beautiful song have made such a difference. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! JFK Files are being carefully released. In the end there will be great transparency. It is my hope to get just about everything to public! Good luck to on her decision to enter the wonderful world of politics. She has many fans! Congratulations to and to the Republican Party on Budget passage yesterday. Now for biggest Tax Cuts Thank you Really great job and show! Wacky & totally unhinged Tom Steyer, who has been fighting me and my Make America Great Again agenda from beginning, never wins elections! WORKING TOGETHER, we will defeat this #OpioidEpidemic & free our nation from the terrible affliction of drug abuse. Effective today, my administration officially declared the #OpioidCrisis a NATIONAL PUBLIC HEALTH EMERGENCY under f Big news - Budget just passed! Do not underestimate the UNITY within the Republican Party! Ed Gillespie will be a great Governor of Virginia. His opponent doesn't even show up to meetings/work, and will be VERY weak on crime! Ed Gillespie will turn the really bad Virginia economy #'s around, and fast. Strong on crime, he might even save our great statues/heritage! Will be another Sean success! Together, we will Make America Great Again! #AmericaFirst This will be the biggest TAX CUT in the history of our country - and we need it! #TaxReform Read more: Interview with coming up at 7pmE on Enjoy! Texas & Lt. Gov. you for todays briefing on hurricane recovery efforts here in TX. K The long anticipated release of the #JFKFiles will take place tomorrow. So interesting! Melania and I look forward to being with President Xi & Madame Peng Liyuan in China in two weeks for what will hope Spoke to President Xi of China to congratulate him on his extraordinary elevation. Also discussed NoKo & trade, two very important subjects! Just interviewed by Will be aired tonight at 7pmE on #Dobbs Congrats to Priebus, a really good and talented man. Were proud of you Reince! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Jeff Flake, with an 18% approval rating in Arizona, said a lot of my colleagues have spoken out. Really, they just gave me a standing O! Working hard on the biggest tax cut in U.S. history. Great support from so many sides. Big winners will be the middle class, business & JOBS The meeting with Republican Senators yesterday, outside of Flake and Corker, was a love fest with standing ovations and great ideas for USA! The reason Flake and Corker dropped out of the Senate race is very simple, they had zero chance of being elected. Now act so hurt & wounded! Clinton campaign & DNC paid for research that led to the anti-Trump Fake News Dossier. The victim here is the President. So nice being with Republican Senators today. Multiple standing ovations! Most are great people who want big Tax Cuts and success for U.S. President Donald J. Trump Proclaims October 24, 2017, as United Nations Day Read more: Stock Market just hit another record high! Jobs looking very good..the entire World WAS laughing and taking advantage of us. People like liddle Bob Corker have set the U.S. way back. Now we move forward! Sen. Corker is the incompetent head of the Foreign Relations Committee, & look how poorly the U.S. has done. He doesn't have a clue as. Isn't it sad that lightweight Senator Bob Corker, who couldn't get re-elected in the Great State of Tennessee, will now fight Tax Cuts plus! .Corker dropped out of the race in Tennesse when I refused to endorse him, and now is only negative on anything Trump. Look at his record! Bob Corker, who helped President O give us the bad Iran Deal & couldn't get elected dog catcher in Tennessee, is now fighting Tax Cuts... We will never forget the 241 American service members killed by Hizballah in Beirut. They died in service to our na I had a very respectful conversation with the widow of Sgt. La David Johnson, and spoke his name from beginning, without hesitation! Two dozen NFL players continue to kneel during the National Anthem, showing total disrespect to our Flag & Country. No leadership in NFL! There will be NO change to your 401(k). This has always been a great and popular middle class tax break that works, and it stays! It is finally sinking through. 46% OF PEOPLE BELIEVE MAJOR NATIONAL NEWS ORGS FABRICATE STORIES ABOUT ME. FAKE NEWS, even worse! Lost cred. Wacky Congresswoman Wilson is the gift that keeps on giving for the Republican Party, a disaster for Dems. You watch her in action & vote R! Doing interview today with Maria Bartiromo at 10:00 A.M. on - ENJOY! .2nd Amendment, Strong Military, ISIS, historic VA improvement, Supreme Court Justice, Record Stock Market, lowest unemployment in 17 yrs! .9 months than this Administration. Over 50 Legislation approvals, massive regulation cuts, energy freedom, pipelines, border security... I agree getting Tax Cuts approved is important (we will also get HealthCare), but perhaps no Administration has done more in its first. Just out, but lightly reported: Fewest jobless claims since 1973 show firm U.S. Job Market Lowest since March 1973. Crooked Hillary Clinton spent hundreds of millions of dollars more on Presidential Election than I did. Facebook was on her side, not mine! Keep hearing about tiny amount of money spent on Facebook ads. What about the billions of dollars of Fake News on CNN, ABC, NBC & CBS? Officials behind the now discredited Dossier plead the Fifth. Justice Department and/or FBI should immediately release who paid for it. Trump hails liberation of Raqqa as critical breakthrough in anti-ISIS campaign Stock Market hits another all time high on Friday. 5.3 trillion dollars up since Election. Fake News doesn't spent much time on this! People get what is going on! Subject to the receipt of further information, I will be allowing, as President, the long blocked and classified JFK FILES to be opened. I hope the Fake News Media keeps talking about Wacky Congresswoman Wilson in that she, as a representative, is killing the Democrat Party! Budget that just passed is a really big deal, especially in terms of what will be the biggest tax cut in U.S. history - MSM barely covered! Great book just out, A Place Called Heaven, by Dr. Robert Jeffress - A wonderful man! This is a once-in-a-generation opportunity to offer historic tax relief to the American people! Join me today: Today, it was an honor to have at the Speaking for the U.S.A., Thank you Agree! Just out report: United Kingdom crime rises 13% annually amid spread of Radical Islamic terror. Not good, we must keep America safe! ...This now allows for the passage of large scale Tax Cuts (and Reform), which will be the biggest in the history of our country! The Budget passed late last night, 51 to 49. We got ZERO Democrat votes with only Rand Paul (he will vote for Tax Cuts) voting against. Great news on the 2018 budget McConnell - first step toward delivering MASSIVE tax cuts for the Ameri Big ratings getter and Apprentice Champion John Rich are right now going on stage in Las Vegas for #VegasStrong. Great Show! The Fake News is going crazy with wacky Congresswoman Wilson(D), who was SECRETLY on a very personal call, and gave a total lie on content! Keep up the GREAT work. I am with you 100%! ISIS is losing its grip. Army Colonel Ryan Dillon CJTFOIR It was great to have Governor of #PuertoRicowith us at the today. We are with you! . Russia sent millions to Clinton Foundation Workers of firm involved with the discredited and Fake Dossier take the 5th. Who paid for it, Russia, the FBI or the Dems (or all)? Uranium deal to Russia, with Clinton help and Obama Administration knowledge, is the biggest story that Fake Media doesn't want to follow! Republicans are going for the big Budget approval today, first step toward massive tax cuts. I think we have the votes, but who knows? 46% of Americans think the Media is inventing stories about Trump & his Administration. It is actually much worse than this! . & you so much for the wonderful compliment. Working hard! #MAGA 20,00021,00022,000 23,000this year.FOUR one thousand milestones this year. #Dow23K #MAGA This is what REAL PRIDE in our COUNTRY is all about! #USA . Too much talk, not enough action. Stand for the National Anthem. Iran hides behind its assertion of technical compliance w/the nuclear deal, while it brazenly violates the other l It was an honor to welcome Republican and Democratic members of the Senate Finance Committee to the tod Our hearts are with all affected by the wildfires in California. God bless our brave First Responders and tea The current tax code is a burden on American taxpayers & harmful to job-creators. Americans need #TaxReform! More: I am supportive of Lamar as a person & also of the process, but I can never support bailing out ins co's who have made a fortune w/ OCare. Democrat Congresswoman totally fabricated what I said to the wife of a soldier who died in action (and I have proof). Sad! The NFL has decided that it will not force players to stand for the playing of our National Anthem. Total disrespect for our great country! As it has turned out, James Comey lied and leaked and totally protected Hillary Clinton. He was the best thing that ever happened to her! The Democrats will only vote for Tax Increases. Hopefully, all Senate Republicans will vote for the largest Tax Cuts in U.S. history..people not interviewed, including Clinton herself. Comey stated under oath that he didn't do this-obviously a fix? Where is Justice Dept? Wow, FBI confirms report that James Comey drafted letter exonerating Crooked Hillary Clinton long before investigation was complete. Many... The most important truth our FOUNDERS understood was: FREEDOM is NOT a gift from Govt. FREEDOM is a GIFT from GOD. Thank you This is our once-in-a-generation opportunity to revitalize our economy, revive our industry & WOW! BORDER WALL prototypes underway! Any increase in ObamaCare premiums is the fault of the Democrats for giving us a product that never had a chance of working. So much Fake News being put in dying magazines and newspapers. Only place worse may be and Fiction writers! It was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras of Greece to the WH today! Join me LIVE from the Rose Garden at 1:30pmE with Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras of Greece. Dow Passes 23,000 for the First Time, Fueled by Strong Earnings #Dow23K Rep.Tom Marino has informed me that he is withdrawing his name from consideration as drug czar. Tom is a fine man and a great Congressman! Always great to see the wonderful people of South Carolina. Thank you for the beautiful welcome at Greenville-Spart I was recently asked if Crooked Hillary Clinton is going to run in 2020? My answer was, I hope so! The U.S. has gained more than 5.2 trillion dollars in Stock Market Value since Election Day! Also, record business enthusiasm. Since Election Day on November 8, the Stock Market is up more than 25%, unemployment is at a 17 year low & companies are coming back to U.S. Dem Senator Schumer hated the Iran deal made by President Obama, but now that I am involved, he is OK with it. Tell that to Israel, Chuck! Art Laffer just said that he doesn't know how a Democrat could vote against the big tax cut/reform bill and live with themselves! .approvals of The Keystone XL & Dakota Access pipelines. Also, look at the recent EPA cancelations & our great new Supreme Court Justice! The Failing in a story by Peter Baker, should have mentioned the rapid terminations by me of TPP & The Paris Accord & the fast... The Democrats in the Southwest part of Virginia have been abandoned by their Party. Republican Ed Gillespie will never let you down! Very proud of my Executive Order which will allow greatly expanded access and far lower costs for HealthCare. Millions of people benefit! Health Insurance stocks, which have gone through the roof during the ObamaCare years, plunged yesterday after I ended their Dems windfall! Such a wonderful statement from the great We take up what may be the most accomplished presidency in modern American history. ObamaCare is causing such grief and tragedy for so many. It is being dismantled but in the meantime, premiums & deductibles are way up! Money pouring into Insurance Companies profits, under the guise of ObamaCare, is over. They have made a fortune. Dems must get smart & deal! Many people talking, with much agreement, on my Iran speech today. Participants in the deal are making lots of money on trade with Iran! Starting to develop a much better relationship with Pakistan and its leaders. I want to thank them for their cooperation on many fronts. #WeeklyAddress Today, I announced our strategy to confront the Iranian regimes hostile actions and to ensure that they never acqu Consumer confidence soars to highest level since 2004 In America, we don't worship government - we worship God. #ValuesVotersSummit I have no greater privilege than to serve as your Commander-in-Chief. HAPPY BIRTHDAY to the incredible men and wome The wonderful people of Puerto Rico, with their unmatched spirit, know how bad things were before the H's. I will always be with them! Hard to believe that the Democrats, who have gone so far LEFT that they are no longer recognizable, are fighting so hard for Sanctuary crime ObamaCare is a broken mess. Piece by piece we will now begin the process of giving America the great HealthCare it deserves! Sadly, they and others are Fake News, and the public is just beginning to figure it out! The Democrats ObamaCare is imploding. Massive subsidy payments to their pet insurance companies has stopped. Dems should call me to fix! It is time to take care of OUR COUNTRY, to rebuild OUR COMMUNITIES, and to protect our GREAT AMERICAN WORKERS! People are just now starting to find out how dishonest and disgusting (FakeNews) is. Viewers beware. May be worse than even Happy #NationalFarmersDay! We need a tax system that is FAIR to working FAMILIES & that encourages companies to STAY in AMERICA, GROW in AMERI The time has come to take action to IMPROVE access, INCREASE choices, and LOWER COSTS for HEALTHCARE! The Fake News Is going all out in order to demean and denigrate! Such hatred! .We cannot keep FEMA, the Military & the First Responders, who have been amazing (under the most difficult circumstances) in P.R. forever! .accountability say the Governor. Electric and all infrastructure was disaster before hurricanes. Congress to decide how much to spend... Puerto Rico survived the Hurricanes, now a financial crisis looms largely of their own making. says Sharyl Attkisson. A total lack of. Clips from tax speech and on now. Have a great day! In even the darkest moments, the light of our people has shown through their goodness, their courage and their love Network news has become so partisan, distorted and fake that licenses must be challenged and, if appropriate, revoked. Not fair to public! Joining tonight at 9pmE on Enjoy! We need a tax system that is FAIR to working families & that encourages companies to STAY in America, GROW in Ameri I will be interviewed tonight on by at 9pmE. Enjoy! Join me LIVE at 5:45pmE from Harrisburg, Pennsylvania! #TaxReform #USA Happy to announce we are awarding $1M to Las Vegas - in order to help local law enforcement working OT to respond to last Sundays tragedy. With all of the Fake News coming out of NBC and the Networks, at what point is it appropriate to challenge their License? Bad for country! Fake made up a story that I wanted a tenfold increase in our U.S. nuclear arsenal. Pure fiction, made up to demean. NBC = CNN! It is about time that Roger Goodell of the NFL is finally demanding that all players STAND for our great National Anthem-RESPECT OUR COUNTRY The Democrats want MASSIVE tax increases & soft, crime producing borders.The Republicans want the biggest tax cut in history & the WALL! It would be really nice if the Fake News Media would report the virtually unprecedented Stock Market growth since the election.Need tax cuts .if Congress gives us the massive tax cuts (and reform) I am asking for, those numbers will grow by leaps and bounds. #MAGA Stock Market has increased by 5.2 Trillion dollars since the election on November 8th, a 25% increase. Lowest unemployment in 16 years and.fired. This story is totally made up by the dishonest media.The Chief is doing a FANTASTIC job for me and, more importantly, for the USA! The Fake News is at it again, this time trying to hurt one of the finest people I know, General John Kelly, by saying he will soon be. My great honor to host the 2017 back-to-back #StanleyCup Champion Pittsburgh Penguins at the WH with today! The Failing set Liddle Bob Corker up by recording his conversation. Was made to sound a fool, and that's what I am dealing with! Highly respected author, Christopher Bedford, just came out with book, The Art of the Donald, Lessons from America's... Really good book! With Jemele Hill at the mike, it is no wonder ESPN ratings have tanked, in fact, tanked so badly it is the talk of the industry! Since Congress can't get its act together on HealthCare, I will be using the power of the pen to give great HealthCare to many people - FAST The problem with agreeing to a policy on immigration is that the Democrats don't want secure borders,they don't care about safety for U.S.A. Why is the NFL getting massive tax breaks while at the same time disrespecting our Anthem, Flag and Country? Change tax law! A big salute to Jerry Jones, owner of the Dallas Cowboys, who will BENCH players who disrespect our Flag. Stand for Anthem or sit for game! President Donald J. Trump Proclaims October 9, 2017, as #ColumbusDay The trip by Pence was long planned. He is receiving great praise for leaving game after the players showed such disrespect for country! Our country has been unsuccessfully dealing with North Korea for 25 years, giving billions of dollars & getting nothing. Policy didn't work! The Republican Party is racking up record amounts of small dollar donations - fueled by Trump supporters. Thank you! Nobody could have done what Ive done for #PuertoRico with so little appreciation. So much work! Bob Corker gave us the Iran Deal, & that's about it. We need HealthCare, we need Tax Cuts/Reform, we need people that can get the job done! FEMA and first responders are working hard (yet again) on Hurricane Nate. Military helping. Very much under control! I asked Pence to leave stadium if any players kneeled, disrespecting our country. I am proud of him and Karen..Hence, I would fully expect Corker to be a negative voice and stand in the way of our great agenda. Didn't have the guts to run! ...my endorsement). He also wanted to be Secretary of State, I said NO THANKS. He is also largely responsible for the horrendous Iran Deal! Senator Bob Corker begged me to endorse him for re-election in Tennessee. I said NO and he dropped out (said he could not win without. #LasVegasStrong #USA Leaving the White House for the Great State of North Carolina. Big progress being made on many fronts! Thanks for your support! .hasn't worked, agreements violated before the ink was dry, makings fools of U.S. negotiators. Sorry, but only one thing will work! Presidents and their administrations have been talking to North Korea for 25 years, agreements made and massive amounts of money paid... Will be joining tonight at 8pmE on Enjoy! Our great team at is prepared for #HurricaneNate. Everyone in LA, MS, AL, and FL please listen to your local authorities & be safe! . is so knowingly inaccurate with their reporting. The good news is that the PEOPLE get it, which is really all that matters! Not #1 I called Chuck Schumer yesterday to see if the Dems want to do a great HealthCare Bill. ObamaCare is badly broken, big premiums. Who knows! More and more people are suggesting that Republicans (and me) should be given Equal Time on T.V. when you look at the one-sided coverage? Late Night host are dealing with the Democrats for their very unfunny & repetitive material, always anti-Trump! Should we get Equal Time? .contributions. The RNC is taking in far more $'s than the Dems, and much of it by my wonderful small donors. I am working hard for them! Can't believe I finally got a good story in the It discusses the enthusiasm of Trump voters through campaign... Ralph Northam,who is running for Governor of Virginia,is fighting for the violent MS-13 killer gangs & sanctuary cities. Vote Ed Gillespie! Rex Tillerson never threatened to resign. This is Fake News put out by Low news and reporting standards. No verification from me. Stock Market hits an ALL-TIME high! Unemployment lowest in 16 years! Business and manufacturing enthusiasm at highest level in decades! Why Isn't the Senate Intel Committee looking into the Fake News Networks in OUR country to see why so much of our news is just made up-FAKE! Thank you! So wonderful to be in Las Vegas yesterday and meet with people, from police to doctors to the victims themselves, who I will never forget! On behalf of a GRATEFUL NATION, THANK YOU to all of the First Responders (HEROES) who saved countless lives in Las WE LOVE YOU LAS VEGAS! I will be landing in Las Vegas shortly to pay my respects with Melania. Everyone remains in our thoughts and prayers. The story has just been totally refuted by Sec. Tillerson and Pence. It is #FakeNews. They should issue an apology to AMERICA! NBC news is #FakeNews and more dishonest than even CNN. They are a disgrace to good reporting. No wonder their news ratings are way down! Wow, so many Fake News stories today. No matter what I do or say, they will not write or speak truth. The Fake News Media is out of control! A great day in Puerto Rico yesterday. While some of the news coverage is Fake, most showed great warmth and friendship. My Administration will continue to work around the clock with Governor & his team. Great progress It is a miracle how fast the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police were able to find the demented shooter and stop him from even more killing! So proud of Military, and First Responders! Thank you! Great meeting with Governor Mapp of the #USVI. He is very thankful for the great job done by and First Respon Leaving Puerto Rico now for D.C. Will be in Las Vegas early tomorrow to pay my respects. Everyone is in my thoughts I am so proud of our great Country. God bless America! My warmest condolences and sympathies to the victims and families of the terrible Las Vegas shooting. God bless you! Congratulations to #TeamUSAon your great victory! Being nice to Rocket Man hasn't worked in 25 years, why would it work now? Clinton failed, Bush failed, and Obama failed. I won't fail. I told Rex Tillerson, our wonderful Secretary of State, that he is wasting his time trying to negotiate with Little Rocket Man..for safety. Thank you to the Governor of P.R. and to all of those who are working so closely with our First Responders. Fantastic job! .people are now starting to recognize the amazing work that has been done by FEMA and our great Military. All buildings now inspected. We have done a great job with the almost impossible situation in Puerto Rico. Outside of the Fake News or politically motivated ingrates,. 19,000 RESPECTING our National Anthem! #StandForOurAnthem In analyzing the Alabama Primary race,FAKE NEWS always fails to mention that the candidate I endorsed went up MANY points after endorsement! Because of #FakeNews my people are not getting the credit they deserve for doing a great job. As seen here, they ar Very important that NFL players STAND tomorrow, and always, for the playing of our National Anthem. Respect our Flag and our Country! I will be in PR on Tues. to further ensure we continue doing everything possible to assist & support the people in their time of great need. Results of recovery efforts will speak much louder than complaints by San Juan Mayor. Doing everything we can to help great people of PR! We must all be united in offering assistance to everyone suffering in Puerto Rico and elsewhere in the wake of this terrible disaster. My Administration, Governor and many others are working together to help the people of Puerto Rico in every way. To the people of Puerto Rico: Do not believe the #FakeNews! #PRStrong Congresswoman Jennifer Gonzalez-Colon of Puerto Rico has been wonderful to deal with and a great representative of the people. Thank you! Just spoke to Governor Kenneth Mapp of the U.S. Virgin Islands who stated that #FEMA and Military are doing a GREAT job! Thank you Governor! The Governor of Puerto Rico, Ricardo Rossello, is a great guy and leader who is really working hard. Thank you Ricky! Despite the Fake News Media in conjunction with the Dems, an amazing job is being done in Puerto Rico. Great people! The Fake News Networks are working overtime in Puerto Rico doing their best to take the spirit away from our soldiers and first R's. Shame! I will be going to Puerto Rico on Tuesday with Melania. Will hopefully be able to stop at the U.S. Virgin Islands (people working hard). Fake News CNN and NBC are going out of their way to disparage our great First Responders as a way to get Trump. Not fair to FR or effort! The military and first responders, despite no electric, roads, phones etc., have done an amazing job. Puerto Rico was totally destroyed..want everything to be done for them when it should be a community effort. 10,000 Federal workers now on Island doing a fantastic job..Such poor leadership ability by the Mayor of San Juan, and others in Puerto Rico, who are not able to get their workers to help. They... The Mayor of San Juan, who was very complimentary only a few days ago, has now been told by the Democrats that you must be nasty to Trump. Join me for my #WeeklyAddress My thoughts are with all those observing Yom Kippur, the holiest day of the Jewish year. Thank you An honor to be with you today. Great news! Manufacturers report record-high economic optim This week we came one step closer to reaching the goal of aligning the skills taught in our nations classrooms wit RECORD HIGH FOR S & P 500! Thank you to FEMA, our great Military & all First Responders who are working so hard,against terrible odds,in Puerto Rico. See you Tuesday! .The fact is that Puerto Rico has been destroyed by two hurricanes. Big decisions will have to be made as to the cost of its rebuilding! Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello just stated: The Administration and the President, every time we've spoken, they've delivered... GDP was revised upward to 3.1 for last quarter. Many people thought it would be years before that happened. We have just begun! Puerto Rico is devastated. Phone system, electric grid many roads, gone. FEMA and First Responders are amazing. Governor said great job! .really hard to help but many have lost their homes. Military is now on site and I will be there Tuesday. Wish press would treat fairly! FEMA & First Responders are doing a GREAT job in Puerto Rico. Massive food & water delivered. Docks & electric grid dead. Locals trying... Welcome back The electric power grid in Puerto Rico is totally shot. Large numbers of generators are now on Island. Food and water on site. Democrats don't want massive tax cuts - how does that win elections? Great reviews for Tax Cut and Reform Bill. It is time to take care of OUR people, to rebuild OUR NATION, and to fight for OUR GREAT AMERICAN WORKERS! This is the right TAX CUT @ the RIGHT TIME. We will ALL succeed & grow TOGETHER as one team, one people, & one Am Just arrived in Indianapolis, Indiana to make an announcement on #TaxReform! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA ...But the people were Pro-Trump! Virtually no President has accomplished what we have accomplished in the first 9 months-and economy roaring Facebook was always anti-Trump.The Networks were always anti-Trump hence,Fake News, & were anti-Trump. Collusion? We will have the votes for Healthcare but not for the reconciliation deadline of Friday, after which we need 60. Get rid of Filibuster Rule! With one Yes vote in hospital & very positive signs from Alaska and two others (McCain is out), we have the HCare Vote, but not for Friday! Spoke to Jerry Jones of the Dallas Cowboys yesterday. Jerry is a winner who knows how to get things done. Players will stand for Country! Spoke to Roy Moore of Alabama last night for the first time. Sounds like a really great guy who ran a fantastic race. He will help to #MAGA! Congratulations to Roy Moore on his Republican Primary win in Alabama. Luther Strange started way back & ran a good race. Roy, WIN in Dec! Even Usain Bolt from Jamaica, one of the greatest runners and athletes of all time, showed RESPECT for our National 70 years ago today, the National Security Council met for the first time. Great history of advising Presidents-then & now! Thanks NSC Staff! Thank you to our wonderful team and their families. Keep up the GREAT work! #USA It was an honor to welcome President of Spain. Thank you for standing w/ us in our efforts to isolate I want to express our support and extend our prayers to all those affected by the vile terror attack in Spain last America's hearts & prayers are with the people of #PuertoRico & the #USVI. We will get through this - and we will g Heading over to the to meet with Ambassador and all of her great representatives! #USA Honored to welcome Republican and Democrat members of the House Ways and Means Committee to the White House today! The NFL has all sorts of rules and regulations. The only way out for them is to set a rule that you can't kneel during our National Anthem! Thank you to Carmen Yulin Cruz, the Mayor of San Juan, for your kind words on FEMA etc.We are working hard. Much food and water there/on way Great interview on with the parents of Otto Warmbier: 1994 - 2017. Otto was tortured beyond belief by North Korea. But while Dallas dropped to its knees as a team, they all stood up for our National Anthem. Big progress being made-we all love our country! The booing at the NFL football game last night, when the entire Dallas team dropped to its knees, was loudest I have ever heard. Great anger Ratings for NFL football are way down except before game starts, when people tune in to see whether or not our country will be disrespected! A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing OCare. My oh my has he changed-complete .owed to Wall Street and the banks which, sadly, must be dealt with. Food, water and medical are top priorities - and doing well. #FEMA .It's old electrical grid, which was in terrible shape, was devastated. Much of the Island was destroyed, with billions of dollars... Texas & Florida are doing great but Puerto Rico, which was already suffering from broken infrastructure & massive debt, is in deep trouble... Tremendous backlash against the NFL and its players for disrespect of our Country. #StandForOurAnthem General John Kelly totally agrees w/ my stance on NFL players and the fact that they should not be disrespecting our FLAG or GREAT COUNTRY! . is #FakeNews. Just reported COS (John Kelly) was opposed to my stance on NFL players disrespecting FLAG, ANTHEM, COUNTRY. Total lie! #StandForOurAnthem The White House never looked more beautiful than it did returning last night. Important meetings taking place today. Big tax cuts & reform. The issue of kneeling has nothing to do with race. It is about respect for our Country, Flag and National Anthem. NFL must respect this! Many people booed the players who kneeled yesterday (which was a small percentage of total). These are fans who demand respect for our Flag! So proud of NASCAR and its supporters and fans. They won't put up with disrespecting our Country or our Flag - they said it loud and clear! Making America Safe is my number one priority. We will not admit those into our country we cannot safely vet. Sports fans should never condone players that do not stand proud for their National Anthem or their Country. NFL should change policy! Alaska, Arizona, Maine and Kentucky are big winners in the Healthcare proposal. 7 years of Repeal & Replace and some Senators not there. Courageous Patriots have fought and died for our great American Flag - we MUST honor and respect it! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Please to inform that the Champion Pittsburgh Penguins of the NHL will be joining me at the White House for Ceremony. Great team! Great solidarity for our National Anthem and for our Country. Standing with locked arms is good, kneeling is not acceptable. Bad ratings! .NFL attendance and ratings are WAY DOWN. Boring games yes, but many stay away because they love our country. League should back U.S. If NFL fans refuse to go to games until players stop disrespecting our Flag & Country, you will see change take place fast. Fire or suspend! Just heard Foreign Minister of North Korea speak at U.N. If he echoes thoughts of Little Rocket Man, they won't be around much longer! Roger Goodell of NFL just put out a statement trying to justify the total disrespect certain players show to our country.Tell them to stand! Democrats are laughingly saying that McCain had a moment of courage. Tell that to the people of Arizona who were deceived. 116% increase! Iran just test-fired a Ballistic Missile capable of reaching Israel.They are also working with North Korea.Not much of an agreement we have! Very proud of our incredible First Lady ( She is a truly great representative for our country! .our Great American Flag (or Country) and should stand for the National Anthem. If not, YOU're FIRED. Find something else to do! If a player wants the privilege of making millions of dollars in the NFL,or other leagues, he or she should not be allowed to disrespect... Going to the White House is considered a great honor for a championship team.Stephen Curry is hesitating,therefore invitation is withdrawn! It was great being with Luther Strange last night in Alabama. What great people, what a crowd! Vote Luther on Tuesday. Alaska had a 200% plus increase in premiums under ObamaCare, worst in the country. Deductibles high, people angry! Lisa M comes through. I know Rand Paul and I think he may find a way to get there for the good of the Party! Large Block Grants to States is a good thing to do. Better control & management. Great for Arizona. McCain let his best friend L.G. down! Arizona had a 116% increase in ObamaCare premiums last year, with deductibles very high. Chuck Schumer sold John McCain a bill of goods. Sad John McCain never had any intention of voting for this Bill, which his Governor loves. He campaigned on Repeal & Replace. Let Arizona down! Heading to Alabama now, big crowd! Thank you to Doug Parker and American Airlines for all of the help you have given to the U.S. with Hurricane flights. Fantastic job! #USAatUNGA#UNGA Will be in Alabama tonight. Luther Strange has gained mightily since my endorsement, but will be very close. He loves Alabama, and so do I! The greatest influence over our election was the Fake News Media screaming for Crooked Hillary Clinton. Next, she was a bad candidate! The Russia hoax continues, now it's ads on Facebook. What about the totally biased and dishonest Media coverage in favor of Crooked Hillary? Thank you! Kim Jong Un of North Korea, who is obviously a madman who doesn't mind starving or killing his people, will be tested like never before! Rand Paul, or whoever votes against Hcare Bill, will forever (future political campaigns) be known as the Republican who saved ObamaCare. A big day for the U.S. at the United Nations! Senator Luther Strange has gone up a lot in the polls since I endorsed him a month ago. Now a close runoff. He will be great in D.C. Today, I announced a new Executive Order with re: to North Korea. We must all do our part to ensure the complete de It was a great privilege to meet with President Moon of South Korea. Stay tuned! #UNGA It was wonderful to have President Petro Poroshenko of Ukraine with us in New York City today. #UNGA It was a pleasure to have President Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan with us this morning! #USAatUNGA #UNGA Governor We are with you and the people of Puerto Rico. Stay safe! #PRStrong Senator (Doctor) Bill Cassidy is a class act who really cares about people and their Health(care), he doesn't lie-just wants to help people! The NRA strongly endorses Luther Strange for Senator of Alabama.That means all gun owners should vote for Big Luther. He won't let you down! I would not sign Graham-Cassidy if it did not include coverage of pre-existing conditions. It does! A great Bill. Repeal & Replace. Alabama is so lucky to have a candidate like Big Luther Strange. Smart, tough on crime, borders & trade, loves Vets & Military. Tuesday! On behalf of all Americans, I want to wish Jewish families many blessings in the New Year. Honored to host a luncheon for African leaders this afternoon. Great discussions on the challenges & opportunities Honored to meet w/ Pres Abbas from the Palestinian Authority & his delegation, who have been working hard w/everybo It was a great honor to be with King Abdullah II of Jordan and his delegation this morning. We had a GREAT bilatera Looking forward to Friday night in the Great State of Alabama. I am supporting Big Luther Strange because he was so loyal & helpful to me! I hope Republican Senators will vote for Graham-Cassidy and fulfill their promise to Repeal & Replace ObamaCare. Money direct to States! Rand Paul is a friend of mine but he is such a negative force when it comes to fixing healthcare. Graham-Cassidy Bill is GREAT! Ends Ocare! Thank you - great show! The world is noticing, thanks! After allowing North Korea to research and build Nukes while Secretary of State (Bill C also), Crooked Hillary now criticizes. Big meetings today at the United Nations. So many interesting leaders. America First will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! I was saddened to see how bad the ratings were on the Emmys last night - the worst ever. Smartest people of them all are the DEPLORABLES. So nice, thank you! A great and important day at the United Nations.Met with leaders of many nations who agree with much (or all) of what I stated in my speech! Puerto Rico being hit hard by new monster Hurricane. Be careful, our hearts are with you- will be there to help! The true question for the It was a great honor to have spoken before the countries of the world at the United Nations. #USAatUNGA#UNGA God bless the people of Mexico City. We are with you and will be there for you. As President of the United States of America, I will ALWAYS put #AmericaFirst#UNGA Full remarks: Thehas great strength & patience, but if it is forced to defend itself or its allies, we will have no choice but Big day at the United Nations - many good things, and some tricky ones, happening. We have a great team. Big speech at 10:00 A.M. #USAatUNGA #UNGA We call for the full restoration of democracy and political freedoms in Venezuela, and we want it to happen very, v It was a great honor to be with President of France this afternoon with his delegation. Great bilat Such an honor to have my good friend, Israel PM join us w/ his delegation in NYC this afternoon. #UNGA Looking forward to meeting with Prime Minister shortly. Peace in the Middle East would be a truly great legacy for ALL people! We commend SG & his call for the UN to focus more on people & less on bureaucracy. #USAatUNGA Happy 70th Birthday Happy 70th Birthday Important meetings and calls scheduled for today. Military and economy are getting stronger by the day, and our enemies know it. #MAGA My great honor! Thank you! I spoke with President Moon of South Korea last night. Asked him how Rocket Man is doing. Long gas lines forming in North Korea. Too bad! Attorney General Bill Schuette will be a fantastic Governor for the great State of Michigan. I am bringing back your jobs and Bill will help I will be in Huntsville, Alabama, on Saturday night to support Luther Strange for Senate. Big Luther is a great guy who gets things done! A great deal of good things happening for our country. Jobs and Stock Market at all time highs, and I believe will be getting even better! HAPPY 70th BIRTHDAY to the The American people are eternally grateful. Thank you for keeping America P We will defend our people, our nations and our civilization from all who dare to threaten our way of life.cont: Our hearts & prayers go out to the people of London, who suffered a vicious terrorist attack... NEVER forget our HEROES held prisoner or who have gone missing in action while serving their country. Proclamation: Frank FX Giaccio- On behalf of Melania & myself, THANK YOU for doing a GREAT job this morning! WEEKLY ADDRESS CHAIN MIGRATION cannot be allowed to be part of any legislation on Immigration! ESPN is paying a really big price for its politics (and bad programming). People are dumping it in RECORD numbers. Apologize for untruth! We have made more progress in the last nine months against ISIS than the Obama Administration has made in 8 years.Must be proactive & nasty! Loser terrorists must be dealt with in a much tougher manner.The internet is their main recruitment tool which we must cut off & use better! Another attack in London by a loser terrorist.These are sick and demented people who were in the sights of Scotland Yard. Must be proactive! With the ridiculous Filibuster Rule in the Senate, Republicans need 60 votes to pass legislation, rather than 51. Can't get votes, END NOW! FLORIDA- Just like TX, WE are w/you today, we are w/you tomorrow, & we will be w/you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER, to RES WE ARE WITH YOU FLORIDA! Emergency Information 1-800-342-3557 1-800-FL-HELP-1 Bernie Sanders is pushing hard for a single payer healthcare plan - a curse on the U.S. & its people. Spoke to President of Mexico to give condolences on terrible earthquake. Unable to reach for 3 days b/c of his cell phone reception at site. Just left Florida for D.C. The people and spirit in THAT GREAT STATE is unbelievable. Damage horrific but will be better than ever! Am leaving now for Florida to see our GREAT first responders and to thank the U.S. Coast Guard, FEMA etc. A real disaster, much work to do! .They have been in our country for many years through no fault of their own - brought in by parents at young age. Plus BIG border security Does anybody really want to throw out good, educated and accomplished young people who have jobs, some serving in the military? Really!. The WALL, which is already under construction in the form of new renovation of old and existing fences and walls, will continue to be built. No deal was made last night on DACA. Massive border security would have to be agreed to in exchange for consent. Would be subject to vote. The deplorables came back to haunt Hillary.They expressed their feelings loud and clear. She spent big money but, in the end, had no game! Crooked Hillary Clinton blames everybody (and every thing) but herself for her election loss. She lost the debates and lost her direction! China has a business tax rate of 15%. We should do everything possible to match them in order to win with our economy. Jobs and wages! With Irma and Harvey devastation, Tax Cuts and Tax Reform is needed more than ever before. Go Congress, go! I will be traveling to Florida tomorrow to meet with our great Coast Guard, FEMA and many of the brave first responders & others. The approval process for the biggest Tax Cut & Tax Reform package in the history of our country will soon begin. Move fast Congress! It was a great honor to welcome Prime Minister Najib Abdul Razak of Malaysia and his distinguished delegation to th Congratulations to Eric & Lara on the birth of their son, Eric Luke Trump this morning! The devastation left by Hurricane Irma was far greater, at least in certain locations,than anyone thought - but amazing people working hard! Fascinating to watch people writing books and major articles about me and yet they know nothing about me & have zero access. #FAKE NEWS! May God Forever Bless the United States of America. #NeverForget911 #NeverForget The U.S. Coast Guard, FEMA and all Federal and State brave people are ready. Here comes Irma. God bless everyone! Heed the advice of you're in an evacuation zone, you need to get to a shelter.there's not many This is a storm of enormous destructive power, and I ask everyone in the storms path to heed ALL instructions from FLORIDA- Visit to find shelters, road closures, & evacuation routes. Helpful Twitter list: Churches in Texas should be entitled to reimbursement from FEMA Relief Funds for helping victims of Hurricane Harvey (just like others). A message to my fellow Americans#IrmaHurricane2017 Republicans must start the Tax Reform/Tax Cut legislation ASAP. Don't wait until the end of September. Needed now more than ever. Hurry! .never allow the Republicans to pass even great legislation. 8 Dems control - will rarely get 60 (vs. 51) votes. It is a Repub Death Wish! Republicans, sorry, but I've been hearing about Repeal & Replace for 7 years, didn't happen! Even worse, the Senate Filibuster Rule will... Our incredible U.S. Coast Guard saved more than 15,000 lives last week with Harvey. Irma could be even tougher. We love our Coast Guard! Hurricane Irma is of epic proportion, perhaps bigger than we have ever seen. Be safe and get out of its way,if possible. Federal G is ready! We will confront ANY challenge, no matter how strong the winds or high the water. Im proud to stand with Presidents for #OneAmericaAppeal. I encourage EVERYONE in the path of #HurricaneIrma to heed the advice and orders of local & state officials! During my trip to Saudi Arabia, I spoke to the leaders of more than 50 Arab & Muslim nations about the need to conf Together, we will show the world that the forces of destruction and extremism are NO MATCH for the BLESSINGS of PRO Welcome to the Amir Sabah al-Ahmed al-Jaber al-Sabah of Kuwait! Joint press conference coming up soon: For all of those (DACA) that are concerned about your status during the 6 month period, you have nothing to worry about - No action! Thank you, our great honor! Hurricane Irma is raging but we have great teams of talented and brave people already in place and ready to help. Be careful, be safe! #FEMA We want our companies to hire & grow in AMERICA, to raise wages for AMERICAN workers, & to help rebuild our AMERICA If we want to renew our PROSPERITY, restore OPPORTUNITY, & re-establish our economic DOMINANCE, then we need tax re Thank you for joining me in Mandan, ND Gov. Lt. Gov. Wonderful to be in North Dakota with the incredible hardworking men & women @ the Andeavor Refinery. Full remarks: Just spoke w/ Governors Rick Scott of Florida, Kenneth Mapp of the U.S. Virgin Islands & Ricardo Rossell of Puerto President Donald J. Trump Approves Emergency Declarations Hurricane looks like largest ever recorded in the Atlantic! Watching Hurricane closely. My team, which has done, and is doing, such a good job in Texas, is already in Florida. No rest for the weary! Will be going to North Dakota today to discuss tax reform and tax cuts. We are the highest taxed nation in the world - that will change. Congress now has 6 months to legalize DACA (something the Obama Administration was unable to do). If they can't, I will revisit this issue! I look forward to working w/ D's + R's in Congress to address immigration reform in a way that puts hardworking citizens of our country 1st. I am allowing Japan & South Korea to buy a substantially increased amount of highly sophisticated military equipment from the United States. Congress, get ready to do your job - DACA! Big week coming up! We are building our future with American hands, American labor, American iron, aluminum and steel. Happy #LaborDay! The United States is considering, in addition to other options, stopping all trade with any country doing business with North Korea. I will be meeting General Kelly, General Mattis and other military leaders at the White House to discuss North Korea. Thank you. South Korea is finding, as I have told them, that their talk of appeasement with North Korea will not work, they only understand one thing! ...North Korea is a rogue nation which has become a great threat and embarrassment to China, which is trying to help but with little success. North Korea has conducted a major Nuclear Test. Their words and actions continue to be very hostile and dangerous to the United States. So much SPIRIT in LA! Thank you to all of our HEREOS who saved many lives. An honor to spend time w/ Remember, Sunday is National Prayer Day (by Presidential Proclamation)! Just got back to the White House from the Great States of Texas and Louisiana, where things are going well. Such cooperation & coordination! The Manufacturing Index rose to 59%, the highest level since early 2011 - and we can do much better! Together, we will prevail in the GREAT state of Texas. We love you! GOD BLESS TEXAS & GOD BLESS THE USA TEXAS: We are with you today, we are with you tomorrow, and we will be with you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER, to restore, Departing for Texas and Louisiana with Melania right now We will see you soon. America is with y On behalf of Melania & myself, THANK YOU for today's update & GREAT WORK! #SouthernBaptist I will be going to Texas and Louisiana tomorrow with First Lady. Great progress being made! Spending weekend working at White House. Stock Market up 5 months in a row! President Donald J. Trump Proclaims September 3, 2017, as a National Day of Prayer #HurricaneHarvey #PrayForTexas Texas is healing fast thanks to all of the great men & women who have been working so hard. But still so much to do. Will be back tomorrow! .get things done at a record clip. Many big decisions to be made over the coming days and weeks. AMERICA FIRST! General John Kelly is doing a great job as Chief of Staff. I could not be happier or more impressed - and this Administration continues to... Wow, looks like James Comey exonerated Hillary Clinton long before the investigation was over.and so much more. A rigged system! THANK YOU to all of the incredible HEROES in Texas. America is with you! #TexasStrong First responders have been doing heroic work. Their courage & devotion has saved countless lives they represent t Texas & Louisiana: We are w/ you today, we are w/ you tomorrow, & we will be w/ you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER, to rest Will be leaving for Missouri soon for a speech on tax cuts and tax reform - so badly needed! After reading the false reporting and even ferocious anger in some dying magazines, it makes me wonder, WHY? All I want to do is #MAGA! After witnessing first hand the horror & devastation caused by Hurricane Harvey,my heart goes out even more so to the great people of Texas! The U.S. has been talking to North Korea, and paying them extortion money, for 25 years. Talking is not the answer! . We are not looking to fill all of those positions. Don't need many of them - reduce size of government. Leaving now for Texas! HISTORIC rainfall in Houston, and all over Texas. Floods are unprecedented, and more rain coming. Spirit of the people is incredible.Thanks! Major rescue operations underway! Going to a Cabinet Meeting (tele-conference) at 11:00 A.M. on #Harvey. Even experts have said they've never seen one like this! We are in the NAFTA (worst trade deal ever made) renegotiation process with Mexico & Canada.Both being very difficult,may have to terminate? With Mexico being one of the highest crime Nations in the world, we must have THE WALL. Mexico will pay for it through reimbursement/other. Wow - Now experts are calling #Harvey a once in 500 year flood! We have an all out effort going, and going well! I will also be going to a wonderful state, Missouri, that I won by a lot in 16. Dem C.M. is opposed to big tax cuts. Republican will win S! I will be going to Texas as soon as that trip can be made without causing disruption. The focus must be life and safety. Great coordination between agencies at all levels of government. Continuing rains and flash floods are being dealt with. Thousands rescued. A great book by a great guy, highly recommended! Wonderful coordination between Federal, State and Local Governments in the Great State of Texas - TEAMWORK! Record setting rainfall. THANK YOU to all of the great volunteers helping out with #HurricaneHarvey relief in Texas! Closely monitoring #HurricaneHarvey from Camp David. We are leaving nothing to chance. City, State and Federal Govs. working great together! . - got your message loud and clear. We have fantastic people on the ground, got there long before #Harvey. So far, so good! You are doing a great job - the world is watching! Be safe. We will remain fully engaged w/ open lines of communication as #HurricaneHarvey makes landfall. America is w/ you! I am pleased to inform you that I have just granted a full Pardon to 85 year old American patriot Sheriff Joe Arpaio. He kept Arizona safe! At the request of the Governor of Texas, I have signed the Disaster Proclamation, which unleashes the full force of government help! Storm turned Hurricane is getting much bigger and more powerful than projected. Federal Government is on site and ready to respond. Be safe! Just arrived at Camp David, where I am monitoring the path and doings of Hurricane Harvey (as it strengthens to a Class 3). 125 MPH winds! Just arrived at Camp David where I am closely watching the path and doings of Hurricane Harvey, as it strengthens to a Category 3. BE SAFE! I encourage everyone in the path of #HurricaneHarvey to heed the advice & orders of their local and state officials. Received a #HurricaneHarvey briefing this morning from Acting Secretary Elaine Duke, I have spoken w/ of Texas and Edwards. Closely monitoring #HurricaneHarvey developments & here to assist as needed. Strange statement by Bob Corker considering that he is constantly asking me whether or not he should run again in 18. Tennessee not happy! Nick Adams, Retaking America Best things of this presidency aren't reported about. Convinced this will be perhaps best presidency ever. Few, if any, Administrations have done more in just 7 months than the Trump A. Bills passed, regulations killed, border, military, ISIS, SC! General John Kelly is doing a fantastic job as Chief of Staff. There is tremendous spirit and talent in the W.H. Don't believe the Fake News If Senate Republicans don't get rid of the Filibuster Rule and go to a 51% majority, few bills will be passed. 8 Dems control the Senate! A GREAT HONOR to spend time with our BRAVE HEROES at the Air Station Yuma. THANK YOU for your service to the As #HurricaneHarvey intensifies - remember to #PlanAhead. On Tuesday, I visited with the incredible men & women of & Border Patrol in Yuma, AZ. Thank you. We The only problem I have with Mitch McConnell is that, after hearing Repeal & Replace for 7 years, he failed!That should NEVER have happened! James Clapper, who famously got caught lying to Congress, is now an authority on Donald Trump. Will he show you his beautiful letter to me? The Fake News is now complaining about my different types of back to back speeches. Well, there was Afghanistan (somber), the big Rally..didn't do it so now we have a big deal with Dems holding them up (as usual) on Debt Ceiling approval. Could have been so easy-now a mess! I requested that Mitch M & Paul R tie the Debt Ceiling legislation into the popular V.A. Bill (which just passed) for easy approval. They. Donald E. Ballard, on behalf of the people of the United States, THANK YOU for your courageous service. YOU INSPIRE A great honor to sign the Veterans Appeals Improvement & Modernization Act into law w/ As long as we have faith in each other and confidence in our values, then there is no challenge too great for us to If Republican Senate doesn't get rid of the Filibuster Rule & go to a simple majority, which the Dems would do, they are just wasting time! Last night in Phoenix I read the things from my statements on Charlottesville that the Fake News Media didn't cover fairly. People got it! Phoenix crowd last night was amazing - a packed house. I love the Great State of Arizona. Not a fan of Jeff Flake, weak on crime & border! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #DrainTheSwamp #PhoenixRally Not only does the media give a platform to hate groups, but the media turns a blind eye to the gang violence on our Thank you Arizona. Beautiful turnout of 15,000 in Phoenix tonight! Full coverage of rally via my Facebook at: THANK YOU to all of the great men and women at the U.S. Customs and Border Protection facility in Yuma, Arizona & a We will push onward to victory w/hope in our hearts, courage in our souls & everlasting pride in each & every one o See you at 7:00 P.M. tonight Phoenix, Arizona! #MAGA Tickets: We pray for our fallen heroes who died while serving our country in the aboard the #USSJohnSMcCain, and th Was with great people last night in Fort Myer, Virginia. The future of our country is strong! Address to the Nation Full Video & Transcript: Thank you to the men and women of Fort Myer, and every member of the U.S. Military at home and abroad. #USA Join me live from Fort Myer in Arlington, Virginia. Thank you, the very dishonest Fake News Media is out of control! Jerry Falwell of Liberty University was fantastic on The Fake News should listen to what he had to say. Thanks Jerry! Thoughts & prayers are w/ our sailors aboard the #USSJohnSMcCain where search & rescue efforts are underway. Heading back to Washington after working hard and watching some of the worst and most dishonest Fake News reporting I have ever seen! I want to applaud the many protestors in Boston who are speaking out against bigotry and hate. Our country will soon come together as one! Our great country has been divided for decades. Sometimes you need protest in order to heal, & we will heal, & be stronger than ever before! Looks like many anti-police agitators in Boston. Police are looking tough and smart! Thank you. Steve Bannon will be a tough and smart new voice at even better than ever before. Fake News needs the competition! Important day spent at Camp David with our very talented Generals and military leaders. Many decisions made, including on Afghanistan. I want to thank Steve Bannon for his service. He came to the campaign during my run against Crooked Hillary Clinton - it was great! Thanks S My thoughts and prayers are with the and their loved ones. We are with you! #LESM Today, I signed the Global War on Terrorism War Memorial Act (#HR873.) The bill authorizes...cont Just returned to Bedminster, NJ from Camp David. GREAT meeting on National Security, the Border and the Military! I have directed that U.S. Cyber Command be elevated to the status of a Unified Combatant Command focused on...cont: Heading to Camp David for major meeting on National Security, the Border and the Military (which we are rapidly building to strongest ever). Radical Islamic Terrorism must be stopped by whatever means necessary! The courts must give us back our protective rights. Have to be tough! The Obstructionist Democrats make Security for our country very difficult. They use the courts and associated delay at all times. Must stop! Homeland Security and law enforcement are on alert & closely watching for any sign of trouble. Our borders are far tougher than ever before! Study what General Pershing of the United States did to terrorists when caught. There was no more Radical Islamic Terror for 35 years! The United States condemns the terror attack in Barcelona, Spain, and will do whatever is necessary to help. Be tough & strong, we love you! .the beauty that is being taken out of our cities, towns and parks will be greatly missed and never able to be comparably replaced! .can't change history, but you can learn from it. Robert E Lee, Stonewall Jackson - who's next, Washington, Jefferson? So foolish! Also. Sad to see the history and culture of our great country being ripped apart with the removal of our beautiful statues and monuments. You. Many meetings today in Bedminster including with Secretary Linda M and Small Business. Job numbers are looking great! Great to see that Dr. Kelli Ward is running against Flake Jeff Flake, who is WEAK on borders, crime and a non-factor in Senate. He's toxic! The public is learning (even more so) how dishonest the Fake News is. They totally misrepresent what I say about hate, bigotry etc. Shame! .and people like Ms. Heyer. Such a disgusting lie. He just can't forget his election trouncing.The people of South Carolina will remember! Publicity seeking Lindsey Graham falsely stated that I said there is moral equivalency between the k, neo-Nazis & white supremacists... THANK YOU for following the RULE OF LAW! Sanctuary cities make our country LESS SAFE! Full remarks: Join me at 7:00 P.M. on Tuesday, August 22nd in Phoenix, Arizona at the Phoenix Convention Center! Tickets at: Today in Bedminster I signed the Harry W. Colmery Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2017, joined by Just landed in Bedminster, New Jersey. #MAGA Rather than putting pressure on the businesspeople of the Manufacturing Council & Strategy & Policy Forum, I am ending both. Thank you all! Memorial service today for beautiful and incredible Heather Heyer, a truly special young woman. She will be long remembered by all! Wow, Senator Luther Strange picked up a lot of additional support since my endorsement. Now in September runoff. Strong on Wall & Crime! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Kim Jong Un of North Korea made a very wise and well reasoned decision. The alternative would have been both catastrophic and unacceptable! Congratulations John! Congratulation to Roy Moore and Luther Strange for being the final two and heading into a September runoff in Alabama. Exciting race! Amazon is doing great damage to tax paying retailers. Towns, cities and states throughout the U.S. are being hurt - many jobs being lost! For every CEO that drops out of the Manufacturing Council, I have many to take their place. Grandstanders should not have gone on. JOBS! Big day in Alabama. Vote for Luther Strange, he will be great! Senator Luther Strange, who is doing a great job for the people of Alabama, will be on at 7:15. Tough on crime, borders etc. Feels good to be home after seven months, but the White House is very special, there is no place like it. and the U.S. is really my home! Made additional remarks on Charlottesville and realize once again that the #Fake News Media will never be satisfied.truly bad people! Leaving for New York City and meetings on military purchases and trade. Big day in Washington, D.C., even though White House & Oval Office are being renovated. Great trade deals coming for American workers! . Pharma is a leader in higher & higher drug prices while at the same time taking jobs out of the U.S. Bring jobs back & LOWER PRICES! Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council,he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES! The Obstructionist Democrats have given us (or not fixed) some of the worst trade deals in World History. I am changing that fast! Luther Strange of the Great State of Alabama has my endorsement. He is strong on Border & Wall, the military, tax cuts & law enforcement. Heading to Washington this morning. Much work to do. Focus on trade and military. #MAGA Condolences to the family of the young woman killed today, and best regards to all of those injured, in Charlottesville, Virginia. So sad! Deepest condolences to the families & fellow officers of the VA State Police who died today. You're all among the best this nation produces. We will continue to follow developments in Charlottesville, and will provide whatever assistance is needed. We are We must remember this truth: No matter our color, creed, religion or political party, we are ALL AMERICANS FIRST. What is vital now is a swift restoration of law and order and the protection of innocent lives. #Charlottesville Join me live from Bedminster, New Jersey: Am in Bedminster for meetings & press conference on V.A. & all that we have done, and are doing, to make it better-but Charlottesville sad! We ALL must be united & condemn all that hate stands for. There is no place for this kind of violence in America. Lets come together as one! Press Conference - Following National Security Briefing in Bedminster, New Jersey. As promised on the campaign trail, we will provide opportunity for Americans to gain skills needed to succeed & thr Consumer Comfort Reaches 16-Year High on U.S. Economic Optimism via Bloomberg We want to make sure that we have the workforce development programs we need to ensure these jobs are... Military solutions are now fully in place,locked and loaded,should North Korea act unwisely. Hopefully Kim Jong Un will find another path! Trump approval rebounds to 45%, surges among Hispanics, union homes, men . will lead the U.S. delegation to India this fall, supporting womens entrepreneurship globally. #GES2017 Mitch, get back to work and put Repeal & Replace, Tax Reform & Cuts and a great Infrastructure Bill on my desk for signing. You can do it! Can you believe that Mitch McConnell, who has screamed Repeal & Replace for 7 years, couldn't get it done. Must Repeal & Replace ObamaCare! #GodBlessTheUSA Senator Mitch McConnell said I had excessive expectations, but I don't think so. After 7 years of hearing Repeal & Replace, why not done? .Hopefully we will never have to use this power, but there will never be a time that we are not the most powerful nation in the world! My first order as President was to renovate and modernize our nuclear arsenal. It is now far stronger and more powerful than ever before... Senator Luther Strange has done a great job representing the people of the Great State of Alabama. He has my complete and total endorsement! After 200 days, rarely has any Administration achieved what we have achieved...not even close! Don't believe the Fake News Suppression Polls! E-mails show that the AmazonWashingtonPost and the FailingNewYorkTimes were reluctant to cover the Clinton/Lynch secret meeting in plane. After many years of failure,countries are coming together to finally address the dangers posed by North Korea. We must be tough & decisive! I will be holding a major briefing on the Opioid crisis, a major problem for our country, today at 3:00 P.M. in Bedminster, N.J. I think Senator Blumenthal should take a nice long vacation in Vietnam, where he lied about his service, so he can at least say he was there How much longer will the failing nytimes, with its big losses and massive unfunded liability (and non-existent sources), remain in business? The Fake News Media will not talk about the importance of the United Nations Security Council's 15-0 vote in favor of sanctions on N. Korea! On #PurpleHeartDayI thank all the brave men and women who have sacrificed in battle for this GREAT NATION! #USA .conquests, how brave he was, and it was all a lie. He cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness like a child. Now he judges collusion? Never in U.S.history has anyone lied or defrauded voters like Senator Richard Blumenthal. He told stories about his Vietnam battles and... Interesting to watch Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut talking about hoax Russian collusion when he was a phony Vietnam con artist! Working hard from New Jersey while White House goes through long planned renovation. Going to New York next week for more meetings.. Supreme Court pick, economic enthusiasm, deregulation & so much more have driven the Trump base even closer together. Will never change! .and West Virginia. The fact is the Fake News Russian collusion story, record Stock Market, border security, military strength, jobs. The Trump base is far bigger & stronger than ever before (despite some phony Fake News polling). Look at rallies in Penn, Iowa, Ohio. The failing which has made every wrong prediction about me including my big election win (apologized), is totally inept! Just completed call with President Moon of South Korea. Very happy and impressed with 15-0 United Nations vote on North Korea sanctions. The Fake News refuses to report the success of the first 6 months: S.C., surging economy & jobs,border & military security,ISIS & MS-13 etc. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! United Nations Resolution is the single largest economic sanctions package ever on North Korea. Over one billion dollars in cost to N.K. Thank you Nicole! After many years of LEAKS going on in Washington, it is great to see the A.G. taking action! For National Security, the tougher the better! The United Nations Security Council just voted 15-0 to sanction North Korea. China and Russia voted with us. Very big financial impact! Working in Bedminster, N.J., as long planned construction is being done at the White House. This is not a vacation - meetings and calls! Under Trump, gains against #ISIS have dramatically accelerated Prosperity is coming back to our shores because we are putting America WORKERS and FAMILIES first. #AmericaFirst Great work being done by w/state & local leaders to prepare for hurricane season. Preparedness is an No matter the mission, the brave men & women of our proudly answer the call to serve 24/7/365. THANK YOU and Excellent Jobs Numbers just released - and I have only just begun. Many job stifling regulations continue to fall. Movement back to USA! West Virginia was incredible last night. Crowds and enthusiasm were beyond, GDP at 3%, wow!Dem Governor became a Republican last night. Consumer confidence is at a 16 year high...and for good reason. Much more regulation busting to come. Working hard on tax cuts & reform! ...and don't forget that Foxconn will be spending up to 10 billion dollars on a top of the line plant/plants in Wisconsin. Toyota & Mazda to build a new $1.6B plant here in the U.S.A. and create 4K new American jobs. A great investment in American manufacturing! Thank you West Virginia! All across the country, Americans of every kind are coming together w/one simple goal: to Just arrived in West Virginia for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally in Huntington at 7:00pmE. Massive crowd expected - tune in! #MAGA Our GREAT VETERANS can now connect w/ their VA healthcare team from anywhere, using #VAVideoConnect - available at: Today, I announced another historic breakthrough for the VA. We are working tirelessly to keep our promises to our See you tonight Huntington, West Virginia! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Tickets: Our relationship with Russia is at an all-time & very dangerous low. You can thank Congress, the same people that can't even give us HCare! I am continuing to get rid of costly and unnecessary regulations. Much work left to do but effect will be great! Business & jobs will grow. Business is looking better than ever with business enthusiasm at record levels. Stock Market at an all-time high. That doesn't just happen! I love the White House, one of the most beautiful buildings (homes) I have ever seen. But Fake News said I called it a dump - TOTALLY UNTRUE I campaigned on creating a merit-based immigration system that protects U.S. workers & taxpayers. Watch: Why the Rust Belt just gave Donald Trump a hero's welcome It was my great honor to pay tribute to a VET who went above & beyond the call of duty to PROTECT our COMRADES, our Small business owners are the DREAMERS & INNOVATORS who are powering us into the future! Read more and watch here: Only the Fake News Media and Trump enemies want me to stop using Social Media (110 million people). Only way for me to get the truth out! Corporations have NEVER made as much money as they are making now. Thank you Stuart Varney Jobs are starting to roar,watch! Stock Market could hit all-time high (again) 22,000 today. Was 18,000 only 6 months ago on Election Day. Mainstream media seldom mentions! A great day at the White House! Highest Stock Market EVER, best economic numbers in years, unemployment lowest in 17 years, wages raising, border secure, S.C.: No WH chaos! If ObamaCare is hurting people, & it is, why shouldn't it hurt the insurance companies & why should Congress not be paying what public pays? Don't give up Republican Senators, the World is watching: Repeal & Replace.and go to 51 votes (nuke option), get Cross State Lines & more..they do NOTHING for us with North Korea, just talk. We will no longer allow this to continue. China could easily solve this problem! I am very disappointed in China. Our foolish past leaders have allowed them to make hundreds of billions of dollars a year in trade, yet. I love reading about all of the geniuses who were so instrumental in my election success. Problem is, most don't exist. #Fake News! MAGA Unless the Republican Senators are total quitters, Repeal & Replace is not dead! Demand another vote before voting on any other bill! U.S. Stock Market up almost 20% since Election! If a new HealthCare Bill is not approved quickly, BAILOUTS for Insurance Companies and BAILOUTS for Members of Congress will end very soon! After seven years of talking Repeal & Replace, the people of our great country are still being forced to live with imploding ObamaCare! If the Senate Democrats ever got the chance, they would switch to a 51 majority vote in first minute. They are laughing at R's. MAKE CHANGE! ...8 Dems totally control the U.S. Senate. Many great Republican bills will never pass, like Kate's Law and complete Healthcare. Get smart! Republicans in the Senate will NEVER win if they don't go to a 51 vote majority NOW. They look like fools and are just wasting time... The very outdated filibuster rule must go. Budget reconciliation is killing R's in Senate. Mitch M, go to 51 Votes NOW and WIN. IT's TIME! Republican Senate must get rid of 60 vote NOW! It is killing the R Party, allows 8 Dems to control country. 200 Bills sit in Senate. A JOKE! In other words, Russia was against Trump in the 2016 Election - and why not, I want strong military & low oil price We will defend our country, protect our communities and put the safety of the AMERICAN PEOPLE FIRST! Replay: I would like to thank Reince Priebus for his service and dedication to his country. We accomplished a lot together and I am proud of him! .and a Great Leader. John has also done a spectacular job at Homeland Security. He has been a true star of my Administration I am pleased to inform you that I have just named General/Secretary John F Kelly as White House Chief of Staff. He is a Great American... Departing for Long Island now. An area under siege from #MS13 gang members. We will not rest until #MS13 is eradica We will always ENFORCE our laws, PROTECT our borders, and SUPPORT our police! #LESM Harrisburg, Pennsylvania .Even though parts of healthcare could pass at 51, some really good things need 60. So many great future bills & budgets need 60 votes... If Republicans are going to pass great future legislation in the Senate, they must immediately go to a 51 vote majority, not senseless 60. 3 Republicans and 48 Democrats let the American people down. As I said from the beginning, let ObamaCare implode, then deal. Watch! Go Republican Senators, Go! Get there after waiting for 7 years. Give America great healthcare! It was my great HONOR to present our nation's highest award for a public safety officer - THE MEDAL OF VALOR to FIV Today, we gathered in the East Room to pay tribute to the HEROES whose courageous actions under fire saved so many Join me live as we recognize the first responders to the June 14th shooting involving #TeamScalise Big progress being made in ridding our country of MS-13 gang members and gang members in general. MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN! .about then candidate Trump. Catherine Herridge So why doesn't Fake News report this? Witch Hunt! Purposely phony reporting. One of the things that has been lost in the politics of this situation is that the Russians collected and spread negative information. Come on Republican Senators, you can do it on Healthcare. After 7 years, this is your chance to shine! Don't let the American people down! Wow, the Failing said about ...the most powerful T.V. show in America. Thank you Foxconn, for investing $10 BILLION DOLLARS with the potential for up to 13K new jobs in Wisconsin! MadeIn Congratulations to Boys and Girls Nation. It was my great honor to welcome you to the WH today! Full Remarks: IN AMERICA WE DON't WORSHIP GOVERNMENT - WE WORSHIP GOD! .big dollars ($700,000) for his wife's political run from Hillary Clinton and her representatives. Drain the Swamp! Why didn't A.G. Sessions replace Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe, a Comey friend who was in charge of Clinton investigation but got...victory and cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail. Thank you ...Transgender individuals to serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military. Our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming. After consultation with my Generals and military experts, please be advised that the United States Government will not accept or allow... The crowd in Ohio was amazing last night - broke all records. We all had a great time in a great State. Will be back soon! People of Ohio are fantastic. Thank you so much. What an evening! It was my great honor to join our wonderful Veterans at AMVETS Post 44 in Youngstown, Ohio this evening. A grateful Just arrived in Youngstown, Ohio with Melania! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain . you for coming to D.C. for such a vital vote. Congrats to all Rep. We can now deliver grt healthcare to all Americans! Joint Press Conference with Prime Minister Saad Hariri of Lebanon beginning shortly. Join us live! America's Labor Market Continues to Boom JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! The American people have waited long enough. There has been enough talk and no action for seven years. Now is the t Will be traveling to the Great State of Ohio tonight. Big crowd expected. See you there! This will be a very interesting day for HealthCare.The Dems are obstructionists but the Republicans can have a great victory for the people! Working on major Trade Deal with the United Kingdom. Could be very big & exciting. JOBS! The E.U. is very protectionist with the U.S. STOP! Jared Kushner did very well yesterday in proving he did not collude with the Russians. Witch Hunt. Next up, 11 year old Barron Trump! So great that John McCain is coming back to vote. Brave - American hero! Thank you John. ObamaCare is torturing the American People.The Democrats have fooled the people long enough. Repeal or Repeal & Replace! I have pen in hand. Big day for HealthCare. After 7 years of talking, we will soon see whether or not Republicans are willing to step up to the plate! Problem is that the acting head of the FBI & the person in charge of the Hillary investigation, Andrew McCabe, got $700,000 from H for wife! Attorney General Jeff Sessions has taken a VERY weak position on Hillary Clinton crimes (where are E-mails & DNC server) & Intel leakers! Ukrainian efforts to sabotage Trump campaign - quietly working to boost Clinton. So where is the investigation A.G. Is Fake News Washington Post being used as a lobbyist weapon against Congress to keep Politicians from looking into Amazon no-tax monopoly? So many stories about me in the are Fake News. They are as bad as ratings challenged Lobbyist for Amazon and taxes? The Amazon Washington Post fabricated the facts on my ending massive, dangerous, and wasteful payments to Syrian rebels fighting Assad. #2017Jambo- Remember your duty. Honor your history. Take care of the people God puts into your life and LOVE & CH Any senator who votes against starting debate is telling America that you are fine w/ the #OCareNightmare! Remarks Arriving at Joint Base Andrews with and Republicans have a last chance to do the right thing on Repeal & Replace after years of talking & campaigning on it. Sleazy Adam Schiff, the totally biased Congressman looking into Russia, spends all of his time on television pushing the Dem loss excuse! So why aren't the Committees and investigators, and of course our beleaguered A.G., looking into Crooked Hillarys crimes & Russia relations? After 1 year of investigation with Zero evidence being found, Chuck Schumer just stated that Democrats should blame ourselves,not Russia. Drain the Swamp should be changed to Drain the Sewer - it's actually much worse than anyone ever thought, and it begins with the Fake News! Thank you to for giving the first six months of the Trump Administration an A+. S.C.,reg cutting,Stock M, jobs,border etc. = TRUE! If Republicans don't Repeal and Replace the disastrous ObamaCare, the repercussions will be far greater than any of them understand! It's hard to read the Failing New York Times or the Amazon Washington Post because every story/opinion, even if should be positive, is bad! It's very sad that Republicans, even some that were carried over the line on my back, do very little to protect their President. As the phony Russian Witch Hunt continues, two groups are laughing at this excuse for a lost election taking hold, Democrats and Russians! To every PATRIOT who will serve on the #USSGeraldRFord: Keep the watch Protect her Defend her LOVE HE American steel & American hands have constructed a 100,000 ton message to the world: American MIGHT IS SECOND TO NO A ship is only as good as the people who serve on it and the AMERICAN SAILOR is the BEST in the world. Join me live for the commissioning ceremony of the USS Gerald R. Ford! #USA ObamaCare is dead and the Democrats are obstructionists, no ideas or votes, only obstruction. It is solely up to the 52 Republican Senators! The Republican Senators must step up to the plate and, after 7 years, vote to Repeal and Replace. Next, Tax Reform and Infrastructure. WIN! In all fairness to Anthony Scaramucci, he wanted to endorse me 1st, before the Republican Primaries started, but didn't think I was running! My son Donald openly gave his e-mails to the media & authorities whereas Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted (& acid washed) her 33,000 e-mails! .What about all of the Clinton ties to Russia, including Podesta Company, Uranium deal, Russian Reset, big dollar speeches etc. So many people are asking why isn't the A.G. or Special Council looking at the many Hillary Clinton or Comey crimes. 33,000 e-mails deleted? While all agree the U. S. President has the complete power to pardon, why think of that when only crime so far is LEAKS against us.FAKE NEWS This morning I will be going to the Commissioning Ceremony for the largest aircraft carrier in the world, The Gerald R. Ford. Norfolk, Va. The Failing New York Times foiled U.S. attempt to kill the single most wanted terrorist,Al-Baghdadi.Their sick agenda over National Security A new INTELLIGENCE LEAK from the Amazon Washington Post,this time against A.G. Jeff Sessions.These illegal leaks, like Comey's, must stop! Sean Spicer is a wonderful person who took tremendous abuse from the Fake News Media - but his future is bright! Today, it was my privilege to welcome survivors of the #USSArizona to the #HonorThem Remarks: Manufacturers record-high optimism reported in the 1st qtr has carried into the 2nd qtr of 2017 via ICYMI- This week we hosted a #MadeInAmerica event, right here at the If it is MADE IN AMERICA, it is t Six months in - it is the hope of GROWTHthat is making AmericaFOUR TRILLION DOLLARSRICHER. -Stuart #MadeInAmerica Billions of dollars in investments & thousands of new jobs in America! An initiative via Corning, Merck & Pfizer: I am asking all citizens to believe in yourselves, believe in your future, and believe, once more, in America. Departing The Pentagon after meetings with Pence, Secretary James Mattis, and our great teams. #MAGA Melania and I send our thoughts and prayers to Senator McCain, Cindy, and their entire family. Get well soon. The Republicans never discuss how good their healthcare bill is, & it will get even better at lunchtime.The Dems scream death as OCare dies! I will be having lunch at the White House today with Republican Senators concerning healthcare. They MUST keep their promise to America! The Fake News is becoming more and more dishonest! Even a dinner arranged for top 20 leaders in Germany is made to look sinister! Fake News story of secret dinner with Putin is sick. All G 20 leaders, and spouses, were invited by the Chancellor of Germany. Press knew! The Senate must go to a 51 vote majority instead of current 60 votes. Even parts of full Repeal need 60. 8 Dems control Senate. Crazy! With only a very small majority, the Republicans in the House & Senate need more victories next year since Dems totally obstruct, no votes! As I have always said, let ObamaCare fail and then come together and do a great healthcare plan. Stay tuned! We were let down by all of the Democrats and a few Republicans. Most Republicans were loyal, terrific & worked really hard. We will return! Republicans should just REPEAL failing ObamaCare now & work on a new Healthcare Plan that will start from a clean slate. Dems will join in! Most politicians would have gone to a meeting like the one Don jr attended in order to get info on an opponent. That's politics! Heading back to Washington, D.C. Much will be accomplished this week on trade, the military and security! Congratulations to Sung Hyun Park on winning the 2017 #USWomensOpen I am at the #USWomensOpen. An amateur player is co-leading for the first time in many decades - very exciting! The #USSJohnFinn will provide essential capabilities to keep America safe. Our sailors are the best anywhere in the The ABC/Washington Post Poll, even though almost 40% is not bad at this time, was just about the most inaccurate poll around election time! With all of its phony unnamed sources & highly slanted & even fraudulent reporting, #Fake News is DISTORTING DEMOCRACY in our country! Thank you to former campaign adviser Michael Caputo for saying so powerfully that there was no Russian collusion in our winning campaign. Thank you to all of the supporters, who far out-numbered the protesters, yesterday at the Women's U.S. Open. Very cool! HillaryClinton can illegally get the questions to the Debate & delete 33,000 emails but my son Don is being scorned by the Fake News Media? The women played great today at the #USWomensOpen I look forward to being there tomorrow for the final roun Just got to the #USWomensOpen in Bedminster, New Jersey. People are really happy with record high stock market - up over 17% since election! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Next week the Senate is going to vote on legislation to save Americans from the ObamaCare DISASTER. #WeeklyAddress Will be at the Women's U.S. Open today! Stock Market hit another all-time high yesterday - despite the Russian hoax story! Also, jobs numbers are starting to look very good! Stock Market at new all-time high! Working on new trade deals that will be great for U.S. and its workers! I will be at the #USWomensOpen in Bedminster, NJ tomorrow. Big crowds expected & the women are playing great-should be very exciting! Honored to serve as Commander-in-Chief to the courageous men and women of our U.S. Armed Forces. A grateful nation President you for inviting Melania and myself to such a historic celebration in France. Just landed from Paris, France. It was an incredible visit with President A lot discussed and accomplished in two days! Left Paris for U.S.A. Will be heading to New Jersey and attending the #USWomensOpen, their most important tournament, this afternoon. Great conversations with President and his representatives on trade, military and security. The United States mourns for the victims of Nice, France. We pledge our solidarity with France against terror. It was a great honor to represent the United States at the magnificent #BastilleDay parade. Congratulations Preside . Mike Pence is working hard on HealthCare and getting our wonderful Republican Senators to do what is right for the people. After all of these years of suffering thru ObamaCare, Republican Senators must come through as they have promised! So impt Rep Senators, under leadership of McConnell get healthcare plan approved. After 7yrs of OCare disaster, must happen! Republicans Senators are working hard to get their failed ObamaCare replacement approved. I will be at my desk, pen in hand! Great evening with President & Mrs. Macron. Went to Eiffel Tower for dinner. Relationship with Fran Great bilateral meetings at lyse Palace w/ President The friendship between our two nations and President you for the beautiful welcome ceremony at Les Invalides today! Melania and I were thrilled to join the dedicated men and women of the members of the U.S. Milita Just landed in Paris, France with Melania. Big WIN today for building the wall. It will secure the border & save lives. Now the full House & Senate must act! JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! #MAGA Stock market hits another high with spirit and enthusiasm so positive. Jobs outlook looking very good! #MAGA Getting rdy to leave for France @ the invitation of President Macron to celebrate & honor Bastille Day and 100yrs since U.S. entry into WWI. After 14 years, U.S. beef hits Chinese market. Trade deal an exciting opportunity for agriculture. The W.H. is functioning perfectly, focused on HealthCare, Tax Cuts/Reform & many other things. I have very little time for watching T.V. Why aren't the same standards placed on the Democrats. Look what Hillary Clinton may have gotten away with. Disgraceful! ISIS is on the run & will soon be wiped out of Syria & Iraq, illegal border crossings are way down (75%) & MS 13 gangs are being removed. Remember, when you hear the words sources say from the Fake Media, often times those sources are made up and do not exist. My son Donald did a good job last night. He was open, transparent and innocent. This is the greatest Witch Hunt in political history. Sad! My son, Donald, will be interviewed by tonight at 10:00 P.M. He is a great person who loves our country! Big wins against ISIS! Marine Plane crash in Mississippi is heartbreaking. Melania and I send our deepest condolences to all! Working hard to get the Olympics for the United States (L.A.). Stay tuned! The Senate Democrats have only confirmed 48 of 197 Presidential Nominees. They can't win so all they do is slow things down & obstruct! If Chelsea Clinton were asked to hold the seat for her mother,as her mother gave our country away, the Fake News would say CHELSEA FOR PRES! When I left Conference Room for short meetings with Japan and other countries, I asked Ivanka to hold seat. Very standard. Angela M agrees! I cannot imagine that Congress would dare to leave Washington without a beautiful new HealthCare bill fully approved and ready to go! James Comey leaked CLASSIFIED INFORMATION to the media. That is so illegal! The fact that President Putin and I discussed a Cyber Security unit doesn't mean I think it can happen. It can't-but a ceasefire can,& did! Syrian ceasefire seems to be holding. Many lives can be saved. Came out of meeting. Good! For years, even as a civilian, I listened as Republicans pushed the Repeal and Replace of ObamaCare. Now they finally have their chance! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Sanctions were not discussed at my meeting with President Putin. Nothing will be done until the Ukrainian & Syrian problems are solved! .have it. Fake News said 17 intel agencies when actually 4 (had to apologize). Why did Obama do NOTHING when he had info before election? .and safe. Questions were asked about why the CIA & FBI had to ask the DNC 13 times for their SERVER, and were rejected, still don't... Putin & I discussed forming an impenetrable Cyber Security unit so that election hacking, & many other negative things, will be guarded.We negotiated a ceasefire in parts of Syria which will save lives. Now it is time to move forward in working constructively with Russia! I strongly pressed President Putin twice about Russian meddling in our election. He vehemently denied it. I've already given my opinion. The G 20 Summit was a great success for the U.S. - Explained that the U.S. must fix the many bad trade deals it has made. Will get done! Thank you very kind! Leaving Hamburg for Washington, D.C. and the WH. Just left Chinas President Xi where we had an excellent meeting on trade & North Korea. Law enforcement & military did a spectacular job in Hamburg. Everybody felt totally safe despite the anarchists. #G20Summit The #G20Summit was a wonderful success and carried out beautifully by Chancellor Angela Merkel. Thank you! We will fight the #FakeNews with you! Great first day with world leaders at the #G20Summit here in Hamburg, Germany. Looking forward to day two! #USA Thank you! Trumps Defining Speech WSJ Editorial: I will represent our country well and fight for its interests! Fake News Media will never cover me accurately but who cares! We will #MAGA! I look forward to all meetings today with world leaders, including my meeting with Vladimir Putin. Much to discuss. #G20Summit #USA Everyone here is talking about why John Podesta refused to give the DNC server to the FBI and the CIA. Disgraceful! After Poland had a great meeting with Chancellor Merkel and then with PM Shinz Abe of Japan & President Moon of South Korea. My experience yesterday in Poland was a great one. Thank you to everyone, including the haters, for the great reviews of the speech! A strong Poland is a blessing to the nations of Europe, and a strong Europe is a blessing to the West, and to the w THE WEST WILL NEVER BE BROKEN. Our values will PREVAIL. Our people will THRIVE and our civilization will TRIUMPH! America is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with Poland in the fight to eradicate the evils of terrorism and ext On behalf of Melania and myself, thank you Poland! #ICYMI, watch here Congratulations to the dedicated professionals of the Us as they celebrate their 152nd anniversary. Thank you! Trade between China and North Korea grew almost 40% in the first quarter. So much for China working with us - but we had to give it a try! The United States made some of the worst Trade Deals in world history.Why should we continue these deals with countries that do not help us? Getting ready to leave for Poland, after which I will travel to Germany for the G-20. Will be back on Saturday. #HappyIndependenceDay #USA Gas prices are the lowest in the U.S. in over ten years! I would like to see them go even lower. Getting ready to celebrate the 4th of July with a big crowd at the White House. Happy 4th to everyone. Our country will grow and prosper! #HappyIndependenceDay #July4 #USA ...and Japan will put up with this much longer. Perhaps China will put a heavy move on North Korea and end this nonsense once and for all! North Korea has just launched another missile. Does this guy have anything better to do with his life? Hard to believe that South Korea. Dow hit a new intraday all-time high! I wonder whether or not the Fake News Media will so report? Really great numbers on jobs & the economy! Things are starting to kick in now, and we have just begun! Don't like steel & aluminum dumping! Thank you to Shawn Steel for the nice words on If we can help little #CharlieGard, as per our friends in the U.K. and the Pope, we would be delighted to do so. At some point the Fake News will be forced to discuss our great jobs numbers, strong economy, success with ISIS, the border & so much else! Will be speaking with Italy this morning! Spoke yesterday with the King of Saudi Arabia about peace in the Middle-East. Interesting things are happening! Will be speaking with Germany and France this morning. America's men & women in uniform is the story of FREEDOM overcoming OPPRESSION, the STRONG protecting the WEAK, & G Stock Market at all time high, unemployment at lowest level in years (wages will start going up) and our base has never been stronger! The dishonest media will NEVER keep us from accomplishing our objectives on behalf of our GREAT AMERICAN PEOPLE! #FraudNewsCNN #FNN We will always take care of our GREAT VETERANS. You have shed your blood, poured your love, and bared your soul, in My use of social media is not Presidential - its MODERN DAY PRESIDENTIAL. Make America Great Again! I am thinking about changing the name #FakeNews CNN to #FraudNewsCNN! The FAKE & FRAUDULENT NEWS MEDIA is working hard to convince Republicans and others I should not use social media - but remember, I won... Getting rdy to leave for tonight's Celebrate Freedom Concert honoring our GREAT VETERANS w/ so many of my evangelic Weekly Address #KatesLaw #NoSanctuaryForCriminalsAct Statement: Crazy Joe Scarborough and dumb as a rock Mika are not bad people, but their low rated show is dominated by their NBC bosses. Too bad! I am extremely pleased to see that has finally been exposed as #FakeNews and garbage journalism. It's about time! Numerous states are refusing to give information to the very distinguished VOTER FRAUD PANEL. What are they trying to hide? Word is that Van Susteren was let go by her out of control bosses at & because she refused to go along w/ 'trump hate! Happy Canada Day to all of the great people of Canada and to your Prime Minister and my new found friend #Canada150 America will THINK BIG once again. We will inspire millions of children to carry on the proud tradition of American The era of strategic patience with the North Korea regime has failed. That patience is over. We are working closely I am encouraged by President Moon's assurances that he will work to level the playing field for American workers, Watched low rated for first time in long time. FAKE NEWS. He called me to stop a National Enquirer article. I said no! Bad show Crime and killings in Chicago have reached such epidemic proportions that I am sending in Federal help. 1714 shootings in Chicago this year! If Republican Senators are unable to pass what they are working on now, they should immediately REPEAL, and then REPLACE at a later date! Just finished a very good meeting with the President of South Korea. Many subjects discussed including North Korea and new trade deal! Our new American Energy Policy will unlock MILLIONS of jobs & TRILLIONS in wealth. We are on the cusp of a true ene When it comes to the future of Americas energy needs, we will FIND IT, we will DREAM IT, and we will BUILD IT. Statement on House Passage of Kates Law and No Sanctuary for Criminals Act. Good news out of the House with the passing of No Sanctuary for Criminals Act. Hopefully Senate will follow. Good news, House just passed #KatesLaw. Hopefully Senate will follow. Mattis Says Trumps Warning Stopped Chemical Weapons Attack In Syria Join me LIVE with and #UnleashingAmericanEnergy MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN! #NoSanctuaryForCriminalsAct #KatesLaw #SaveAmericanLives Today, the House votes on two crucial bills: #NoSanctuaryForCriminalsAct #KatesLaw Pass these bills & lets .to Mar-a-Lago 3 nights in a row around New Year's Eve, and insisted on joining me. She was bleeding badly from a face-lift. I said no! I heard poorly rated speaks badly of me (don't watch anymore). Then how come low I.Q. Crazy Mika, along with Psycho Joe, came... New Sugar deal negotiated with Mexico is a very good one for both Mexico and the U.S. Had no deal for many years which hurt U.S. badly. Tomorrow the House votes on #KatesLaw & No Sanctuary For Criminals Act. Lawmakers must vote to put American safety From my first day in office, weve taken swift action to lift the crushing restrictions on American energy. Remarks Democrats purposely misstated Medicaid under new Senate bill - actually goes up. Today, I hosted an immigration roundtable ahead of two votes taking place in Congress tomorrow. Watch and read more It was my great honor to welcome the 2016 World Series Champion Chicago to the this afternoon. #ICYMI- on Monday, I had the great honor of welcoming India's Prime Minister to the WH. Full Remarks: The #AmazonWashingtonPost, sometimes referred to as the guardian of Amazon not paying internet taxes (which they should) is FAKE NEWS! Some of the Fake News Media likes to say that I am not totally engaged in healthcare. Wrong, I know the subject well & want victory for U.S. The failing writes false story after false story about me. They don't even call to verify the facts of a story. A Fake News Joke! I just finished a great meeting with the Republican Senators concerning HealthCare. They really want to get it right, unlike OCare! With ZERO Democrats to help, and a failed, expensive and dangerous ObamaCare as the Dems legacy, the Republican Senators are working hard! So they caught Fake News CNN cold, but what about NBC, CBS & ABC? What about the failing & They are all Fake News! Fake News CNN is looking at big management changes now that they got caught falsely pushing their phony Russian stories. Ratings way down! Wow, CNN had to retract big story on Russia, with 3 employees forced to resign. What about all the other phony stories they do? FAKE NEWS! Great day for America's future Security and Safety, courtesy of the U.S. Supreme Court. I will keep fighting for the American people, & WIN! From Bombshell: In 2016, Obama dismissed idea that anyone could rig an American election. Check out his statement - Witch Hunt! Very grateful for the 9-O decision from the U. S. Supreme Court. We must keep America SAFE! Republican Senators are working very hard to get there, with no help from the Democrats. Not easy! Perhaps just let OCare crash & burn! ...under a magnifying glass, they have zero tapes of T people colluding. There is no collusion & no obstruction. I should be given apology! The real story is that President Obama did NOTHING after being informed in August about Russian meddling. With 4 months looking at Russia..and did not want to rock the boat. He didn't choke, he colluded or obstructed, and it did the Dems and Crooked Hillary no good. The reason that President Obama did NOTHING about Russia after being notified by the CIA of meddling is that he expected Clinton would win... The Democrats have become nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS, they have no policies or ideas. All they do is delay and complain.They own ObamaCare! Hillary Clinton colluded with the Democratic Party in order to beat Crazy Bernie Sanders. Is she allowed to so collude? Unfair to Bernie! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! I cannot imagine that these very fine Republican Senators would allow the American people to suffer a broken ObamaCare any longer! Obama Administration official said they choked when it came to acting on Russian meddling of election. They didn't want to hurt Hillary? Since the Obama Administration was told way before the 2016 Election that the Russians were meddling, why no action? Focus on them, not T! Democrats slam GOP healthcare proposal as Obamacare premiums & deductibles increase by over 100%. Remember keep your doctor, keep your plan? Just out: The Obama Administration knew far in advance of November 8th about election meddling by Russia. Did nothing about it. WHY? WEEKLY ADDRESS Today, it was a tremendous honor for me to sign the #VAaccountability Act into law, delivering my campaign promise I've helped pass and signed 38 Legislative Bills, mostly with no Democratic support, and gotten rid of massive amounts of regulations. Nice! Will be on Enjoy! . & I were honored to host our first WH Congressional Picnic. A wonderful evening & tradition. We're all thinking of you #TeamScalise Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #AmericaFirst I am very supportive of the Senate #HealthcareBill. Look forward to making it really special! Remember, ObamaCare is dead. Mexico was just ranked the second deadliest country in the world, after only Syria. Drug trade is largely the cause. We will BUILD THE WALL! As promised, our campaign against the MS-13 gang continues. Busts 39 MS-13 Members in New York Operation With all of the recently reported electronic surveillance, intercepts, unmasking and illegal leaking of information, I have no idea. I certainly hope the Democrats do not force Nancy P out. That would be very bad for the Republican Party - and please let Cryin Chuck stay! .Why did the DNC REFUSE to turn over its Server to the FBI, and still hasn't? It's all a big Dem scam and excuse for losing the election! .Why did Democratic National Committee turn down the DHS offer to protect against hacks (long prior to election). It's all a big Dem HOAX! By the way, if Russia was working so hard on the 2016 Election, it all took place during the Obama Admin. Why didn't they stop them? Former Homeland Security Advisor Jeh Johnson is latest top intelligence official to state there was no grand scheme between Trump & Russia. Great night in Iowa - special people. Thank you! Thank you Kirkwood Community College. Heading to the U.S. Cellular Center now for an 8pmE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN Just landed in Iowa. See everyone soon! #MAGA Democrats would do much better as a party if they got together with Republicans on Healthcare,Tax Cuts,Security. Obstruction doesn't work! Well, the Special Elections are over and those that want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN are 5 and O! All the Fake News, all the money spent = 0 Ralph Norman ran a fantastic race to win in the Great State of South Carolina's 5th District. We are all honored by your success tonight! Congratulations to Karen Handel on her big win in Georgia 6th. Fantastic job, we are all very proud of you! Thank you Huge win for President Trump and GOP in Georgia Congressional Special Election. Things are looking great for Karen H! It was a great honor to welcome President Petro Poroshenko of Ukraine to the today with Pence. While I greatly appreciate the efforts of President Xi & China to help with North Korea, it has not worked out. At least I know China tried! The U.S. once again condemns the brutality of the North Korean regime as we mourn its latest victim. Video: KAREN HANDEL FOR CONGRESS. She will fight for lower taxes, great healthcare strong security-a hard worker who will never give up! VOTE TODAY Democrat Jon Ossoff, who wants to raise your taxes to the highest level and is weak on crime and security, doesn't even live in district. Big day tomorrow in Georgia and South Carolina. ObamaCare is dead. Dems want to raise taxes big! They can only obstruct, no ideas. Vote R Melania and I offer our deepest condolences to the family of Otto Warmbier. Full statement: It was my great honor to welcome President & Mrs. Varela from Panama this afternoon. Karen Handel's opponent in #GA06 can't even vote in the district he wants to represent... Ralph Norman, who is running for Congress in SC's 5th District, will be a fantastic help to me in cutting taxes, and... My heartfelt thoughts and prayers are with the 7 sailors of the #USSFitzgerald and their families. The Dems want to stop tax cuts, good healthcare and Border Security.Their ObamaCare is dead with 100% increases in P's. Vote now for Karen H Camp David is a very special place. An honor to have spent the weekend there. Military runs it so well and are so proud of what they do! The new Rasmussen Poll, one of the most accurate in the 2016 Election, just out with a Trump 50% Approval Rating.That's higher than O's #'s! .massive regulation cuts, 36 new legislative bills signed, great new S.C.Justice, and Infrastructure, Healthcare and Tax Cuts in works! The MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN agenda is doing very well despite the distraction of the Witch Hunt. Many new jobs, high business enthusiasm,... Thoughts and prayers with the sailors of USS Fitzgerald and their families. Thank you to our Japanese allies for th Back from Miami where my Cuban/American friends are very happy with what I signed today. Another campaign promise that I did not forget! National Security Presidential Memorandum on Strengthening the Policy of the United States Toward Cuba Memorandum Remarks by President Trump on the Policy of the U.S.A. Towards Cuba Video: Great news! #MAGA I am being investigated for firing the FBI Director by the man who told me to fire the FBI Director! Witch Hunt Despite the phony Witch Hunt going on in America, the economic & jobs numbers are great. Regulations way down, jobs and enthusiasm way up! The Fake News Media hates when I use what has turned out to be my very powerful Social Media - over 100 million people! I can go around them After 7 months of investigations & committee hearings about my collusion with the Russians, nobody has been able to show any proof. Sad! #CongressionalBaseballGame Thank you Wisconsin! Tuesday was a great success for #WorkforceWeek at w/ & Remarks Crooked H destroyed phones w/ hammer, bleached emails, & had husband meet w/AG days before she was cleared- & they talk about obstruction? Why is that Hillary Clintons family and Dems dealings with Russia are not looked at, but my non-dealings are? You are witnessing the single greatest WITCH HUNT in American political history - led by some very bad and conflicted people! #MAGA They made up a phony collusion with the Russians story, found zero proof, so now they go for obstruction of justice on the phony story. Nice Just left hospital. Rep. Steve Scalise, one of the truly great people, is in very tough shape - but he is a real fighter. Pray for Steve! Happy birthday to U.S. ARMY and our soldiers. Thank you for your bravery, sacrifices, & dedication. Proud to be your Commander-in-Chief! Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana, a true friend and patriot, was badly injured but will fully recover. Our thoughts and prayers are with him. Just got back from Wisconsin. Great day, great people! The passage of the Accountability and Whistleblower Protection Act is GREAT news for veterans! I lo Just arrived in Wisconsin to discuss JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! #MAGA 2 million more people just dropped out of ObamaCare. It is in a death spiral. Obstructionist Democrats gave up, have no answer = resist! Heading to the Great State of Wisconsin to talk about JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Big progress being made as the Real News is reporting. Fake News is at an all time high. Where is their apology to me for all of the incorrect stories? A.G. Lynch made law enforcement decisions for political purposes.gave Hillary Clinton a free pass and protection. Totally illegal! Well, as predicted, the 9th Circuit did it again - Ruled against the TRAVEL BAN at such a dangerous time in the history of our country. S.C. The Fake News Media has never been so wrong or so dirty. Purposely incorrect stories and phony sources to meet their agenda of hate. Sad! Congratulations to the 2016 Tigers! Full ceremony: Finally held our first full meeting today. With this great team, we can restore American prosperity and br Congratulations! First New Coal Mine of Trump Era Opens in Pennsylvania We will NEVER FORGET the victims who lost their lives one year ago today in the horrific #PulseNightClub shooting. Ivanka on now! Great numbers on the economy. All of our work, including the passage of many bills & regulation killing Executive Orders, now kicking in! My daughter, Ivanka, will be on tomorrow morning. Enjoy! The Democrats have no message, not on economics, not on taxes, not on jobs, not on failing #Obamacare. They are only OBSTRUCTIONISTS! I believe the James Comey leaks will be far more prevalent than anyone ever thought possible. Totally illegal? Very cowardly! The #FakeNews MSM doesn't report the great economic news since Election Day. #DOW up 16%. #NASDAQ up 19.5%. Drilling & energy sector. America is going to build again. Under budget and ahead of schedule. Time to put #AmericaFirst! #InfrastructureWeek Time to start building in our country, with American workers & with American iron, aluminum & steel. It is time to It is time to rebuild OUR country, to bring back OUR jobs, to restore OUR dreams, & yes, to put #AmericaFirst! TY O A great honor to host and welcome leaders from around America to the Infrastructure Summit. An honor to join the Coalition yesterday. In America, we don't worship government. We worship God. Congratulations to Jeb Hensarling & Republicans on successful House vote to repeal major parts of the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial law. GROWTH! Great reporting by and so many others. Thank you! Despite so many false statements and lies, total and complete vindication.and WOW, Comey is a leaker! Getting ready to leave for Cincinnati, in the GREAT STATE of OHIO, to meet with ObamaCare victims and talk Healthcare & also Infrastructure! I will be nominating Christopher A. Wray, a man of impeccable credentials, to be the new Director of the FBI. Details to follow. Senate passed the VA Accountability Act. The House should get this bill to my desk ASAP! We cant tolerate substandard care for our vets. #ICYMI: Announcement of Air Traffic Control Initiative Watch Great meeting with and leaders, including Today we remember the courage and bravery of our troops that stormed the beaches of Normandy 73 years ago. #DDay .extremism, and all reference was pointing to Qatar. Perhaps this will be the beginning of the end to the horror of terrorism! So good to see the Saudi Arabia visit with the King and 50 countries already paying off. They said they would take a hard line on funding. Sorry folks, but if I would have relied on the Fake News of CNN, NBC, ABC, CBS, washpost or nytimes, I would have had ZERO chance winning WH During my recent trip to the Middle East I stated that there can no longer be funding of Radical Ideology. Leaders pointed to Qatar - look! The FAKE MSM is working so hard trying to get me not to use Social Media. They hate that I can get the honest and unfiltered message out. Big meeting today with Republican leadership concerning Tax Cuts and Healthcare. We are all pushing hard - must get it right! That's right, we need a TRAVEL BAN for certain DANGEROUS countries, not some politically correct term that won't help us protect our people! Today, I announced an Air Traffic Control Initiative to take American air travel into the future - finally! . decision is one of the biggest wins for our VETERANS in decades. Our HEROES deserve the best! Pathetic excuse by London Mayor Sadiq Khan who had to think fast on his no reason to be alarmed statement. MSM is working hard to sell it! . Dems are taking forever to approve my people, including Ambassadors. They are nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS! Want approvals. In any event we are EXTREME VETTING people coming into the U.S. in order to help keep our country safe. The courts are slow and political! The Justice Dept. should ask for an expedited hearing of the watered down Travel Ban before the Supreme Court - & seek much tougher version! The Justice Dept. should have stayed with the original Travel Ban, not the watered down, politically correct version they submitted to S.C. People, the lawyers and the courts can call it whatever they want, but I am calling it what we need and what it is, a TRAVEL BAN! Do you notice we are not having a gun debate right now? That's because they used knives and a truck! At least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and Mayor of London says there is no reason to be alarmed! We must stop being politically correct and get down to the business of security for our people. If we don't get smart it will only get worse Whatever the United States can do to help out in London and the U. K., we will be there - WE ARE WITH YOU. GOD BLESS! We need to be smart, vigilant and tough. We need the courts to give us back our rights. We need the Travel Ban as an extra level of safety! #WeeklyAddress #MakeAmericaGreatAgain MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! My job as President is to do everything within my power to give America a level playing field. #AmericaFirst Join me live at the The big story is the unmasking and surveillance of people that took place during the Obama Administration. I will be announcing my decision on Paris Accord, Thursday at 3:00 P.M. The White House Rose Garden. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Crooked Hillary Clinton now blames everybody but herself, refuses to say she was a terrible candidate. Hits Facebook & even Dems & DNC. It was an honor to welcome the Prime Minister of Vietnam, Nguyn Xun Phc to the this afternoon. We traveled the world to strengthen long-standing alliances, and to form new partnerships. See more at: I will be announcing my decision on the Paris Accord over the next few days. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Hopefully Republican Senators, good people all, can quickly get together and pass a new (repeal & replace) HEALTHCARE bill. Add saved $'s. Kathy Griffin should be ashamed of herself. My children, especially my 11 year old son, Barron, are having a hard time with this. Sick! .case against him & now wants to clear his name by showing the false or misleading testimony by James Comey, John Brennan. Witch Hunt! So now it is reported that the Democrats, who have excoriated Carter Page about Russia, don't want him to testify. He blows away their... Who can figure out the true meaning of covfefe ? Enjoy! The U.S. Senate should switch to 51 votes, immediately, and get Healthcare and TAX CUTS approved, fast and easy. Dems would do it, no doubt! Russian officials must be laughing at the U.S. & how a lame excuse for why the Dems lost the election has taken over the Fake News. We have a MASSIVE trade deficit with Germany, plus they pay FAR LESS than they should on NATO & military. Very bad for U.S. This will change I look forward to paying my respects to our brave men and women on this Memorial Day at Arlington National Cemetery later this morning. Today we remember the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in serving. Thank you, God bless your families & God bless the USA! North Korea has shown great disrespect for their neighbor, China, by shooting off yet another ballistic missile.but China is trying hard! Honoring the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in service to America. Home of the free, because of the brave. #MemorialDay The Fake News Media works hard at disparaging & demeaning my use of social media because they don't want America to hear the real story! The massive TAX CUTS/REFORM that I have submitted is moving along in the process very well, actually ahead of schedule. Big benefits to all! I suggest that we add more dollars to Healthcare and make it the best anywhere. ObamaCare is dead - the Republicans will do much better! British Prime Minister May was very angry that the info the U.K. gave to U.S. about Manchester was leaked. Gave me full details! Does anyone notice how the Montana Congressional race was such a big deal to Dems & Fake News until the Republican won? V was poorly covered Whenever you see the words 'sources say in the fake news media, and they don't mention names... It is my opinion that many of the leaks coming out of the White House are fabricated lies made up by the #FakeNews media. Just returned from Europe. Trip was a great success for America. Hard work but big results! Big win in Montana for Republicans! Bringing hundreds of billions of dollars back to the U.S.A. from the Middle East - which will mean JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! I look forward to reading the 232 analysis of steel and aluminum- to be released in June. Will take major action if necessary. Just left the #G7Summit. Had great meetings on everything, especially on trade where... I will make my final decision on the Paris Accord next week! Many NATO countries have agreed to step up payments considerably, as they should. Money is beginning to pour in- NATO will be much stronger. Big G7 meetings today. Lots of very important matters under discussion. First on the list, of course, is terrorism. #G7Taormina On behalf of Melania and myself, thank you for a wonderful dinner and evening, President Sergio Mattarella. Terrorists are engaged in a war against civilization- it is up to all who value life to confront & defeat this evil Getting ready to engage G7 leaders on many issues including economic growth, terrorism, and security. Just arrived in Italy for the G7. Trip has been very successful. We made and saved the USA many billions of dollars and millions of jobs. Just arrived in Taormina with Melania. #G7Summit #USA Thank you for your support. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #POTUSAbroad #USA Today's ceremony is a day for both remembrance and resolve. #NATOMeeting #NATO Thank you for the warm welcome to Brussels, Belgium this afternoon! Honor of a lifetime to meet His Holiness Pope Francis. I leave the Vatican more determined than ever to pursue PEAC All civilized nations must join together to protect human life and the sacred right of our citizens to live in safety and in peace. Israel, Saudi Arabia and the Middle East were great. Trying hard for PEACE. Doing well. Heading to Vatican & Pope, then #G7 and #NATO. Thank you for such a wonderful and unforgettable visit, Prime Minister and We stand in absolute solidarity with the people of the United Kingdom. Prime Minister and on behalf of Melania and myself, thank you for the invitation #RiyadhSummit #POTUSAbroad Speech transcript at Arab Islamic American Summit #POTUSAbroad Thank you to the BRAVE servicemen & women who have served, and continue to serve the United States- our true HEROES Great to be in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Looking forward to the afternoon and evening ahead. #POTUSAbroad #WeeklyAddress Getting ready for my big foreign trip. Will be strongly protecting American interests - that's what I like to do! President Donald J. Trump Proclaims 5/14/2017 through 5/20/2017 as #PoliceWeek Proclamation A great honor to welcome President Juan Manuel Santos of Colombia to the White House today! Joint Press Conf With all of the illegal acts that took place in the Clinton campaign & Obama Administration, there was never a special counsel appointed! This is the single greatest witch hunt of a politician in American history! It was my great honor to deliver the #CGACommencement17 at the CONGRATULATIONS to the Class of 2017! It was a great honor to welcome the President of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdoan, to the today! U.S. Industrial Production Surged in April I have been asking Director Comey & others, from the beginning of my administration, to find the LEAKERS in the intelligence community..to terrorism and airline flight safety. Humanitarian reasons, plus I want Russia to greatly step up their fight against ISIS & terrorism. As President I wanted to share with Russia (at an openly scheduled W.H. meeting) which I have the absolute right to do, facts pertaining... #PeaceOfficersMemorialDay and #PoliceWeek Proclamation: Today, I delivered remarks at the 36th Annual National Peace Officers Memorial Service. #NationalPoliceWeek Watch Wishing Melania and all of the great mothers out there a wonderful day ahead with family and friends! Happy #MothersDay I was thrilled to be back Congratulations to the Class of 2017! This is your day, and you've earned it. Will be interviewed by on at 9:00 P.M. (Saturday night). Enjoy! #WeeklyAddress Today, I welcomed the Victory Christian Center School. Good luck @ the Team America Rocketry Challenge! #TARC Watch Today, hosted a Military Mother's Day Event in the East Room of the WH. It was an honor to stop by, say hel China just agreed that the U.S. will be allowed to sell beef, and other major products, into China once again. This is REAL news! When James Clapper himself, and virtually everyone else with knowledge of the witch hunt, says there is no collusion, when does it end? James Comey better hope that there are no tapes of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press! .Maybe the best thing to do would be to cancel all future press briefings and hand out written responses for the sake of accuracy? As a very active President with lots of things happening, it is not possible for my surrogates to stand at podium with perfect accuracy!... The Fake Media is working overtime today! Again, the story that there was collusion between the Russians & Trump campaign was fabricated by Dems as an excuse for losing the election. Yesterday, on the same day- I had meetings with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and the FM of Ukraine, Pavlo Russia must be laughing up their sleeves watching as the U.S. tears itself apart over a Democrat EXCUSE for losing the election. We finally agree on something Rosie. Presidential Executive Order on the Establishment of Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity Presidential Executive Order on Strengthening the Cybersecurity of Federal Networks and Critical Infrastructure The Democrats should be ashamed. This is a disgrace! #DrainTheSwamp Dems have been complaining for months & months about Dir. Comey. Now that he has been fired they PRETEND to be aggrieved. Phony hypocrites! The Roger Stone report on is false - Fake News. Have not spoken to Roger in a long time - had nothing to do with my decision. caught, he cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness.and now he is judge & jury. He should be the one who is investigated for his acts. years, as a pol in Connecticut, Blumenthal would talk of his great bravery and conquests in Vietnam - except he was never there. When... Watching Senator Richard Blumenthal speak of Comey is a joke. Richie devised one of the greatest military frauds in U.S. history. For... Comey lost the confidence of almost everyone in Washington, Republican and Democrat alike. When things calm down, they will be thanking me! James Comey will be replaced by someone who will do a far better job, bringing back the spirit and prestige of the FBI. The Democrats have said some of the worst things about James Comey, including the fact that he should be fired, but now they play so sad! Cryin\\ Chuck Schumer stated recently, I do not have confidence in him (James Comey) any longer. Then acts so indignant. #draintheswamp 'manufacturing openings, hires rise to highest levels of the recovery It was an honor to welcome the Teachers of the Year to the WH last month. Today, we honor and thank all teachers! Biggest story today between Clapper & Yates is on surveillance. Why doesn't the media report on this? #FakeNews! The Russia-Trump collusion story is a total hoax, when will this taxpayer funded charade end? Sally Yates made the fake media extremely unhappy today - she said nothing but old news! Director Clapper reiterated what everybody, including the fake media already knows- there is no evidence of collusion w/ Russia and Trump. Honored to welcome Georgia Prime Minister, Giorgi Kvirikashvili to the today with Mike Pence. Ask Sally Yates, under oath, if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W.H. Counsel. General Flynn was given the highest security clearance by the Obama Administration - but the Fake News seldom likes talking about that. Congratulations to on his big win yesterday. John is a great guy who never gave up - and now a winner again! Rexnord of Indiana made a deal during the Obama Administration to move to Mexico. Fired their employees. Tax product big that's sold in U.S. Congratulations to Emmanuel Macron on his big win today as the next President of France. I look very much forward to working with him! Republican Senators will not let the American people down! ObamaCare premiums and deductibles are way up - it was a lie and it is dead! When will the Fake Media ask about the Dems dealings with Russia & why the DNC wouldn't allow the FBI to check their server or investigate? The reason I am staying in Bedminster, N. J., a beautiful community, is that staying in NYC is much more expensive and disruptive. Meetings! Great jobs report today - It is all beginning to work! Why is it that the Fake News rarely reports Ocare is on its last legs and that insurance companies are fleeing for their lives? It's dead! Wow,the Fake News media did everything in its power to make the Republican Healthcare victory look as bad as possible.Far better than Ocare! #WeeklyAddress JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Of course the Australians have better healthcare than we do --everybody does. ObamaCare is dead! But our healthcare will soon be great. Rather than causing a big disruption in N.Y.C., I will be working out of my home in Bedminster, N.J. this weekend. Also saves country money! Big win in the House - very exciting! But when everything comes together with the inclusion of Phase 2, we will have truly great healthcare! An honor to welcome PM of Australia, to America & join him in marking the 75th Anniversary of the It was a GREAT day for the United States of America! This is a great plan that is a repeal & replace of ObamaCare. If victorious, Republicans will be having a big press conference at the beautiful Rose Garden of the White House immediately after vote! Insurance companies are fleeing ObamaCare - it is dead. Our healthcare plan will lower premiums & deductibles - and be great healthcare! I am watching the Democrats trying to defend the you can keep you doctor, you can keep your plan & premiums will go down ObamaCare lie. Beautiful evening with Religious Leaders here at the WH last night. Join us now for a #NationalDayofPrayer, LIVE: Death spiral! Aetna will exit Obamacare markets in VA in 2018, citing expected losses on INDV plans this year The Fake News media is officially out of control. They will do or say anything in order to get attention - never been a time like this! .allegations of unmasking Trump transition officials. Not good! Susan Rice, the former National Security Advisor to President Obama, is refusing to testify before a Senate Subcommittee next week on. It was an honor to stop by a #SchoolChoice event hosted by Pence and Secretary at the .Trump/Russia story was an excuse used by the Democrats as justification for losing the election. Perhaps Trump just ran a great campaign? FBI Director Comey was the best thing that ever happened to Hillary Clinton in that he gave her a free pass for many bad deeds! The phony. Congratulations to the winners of the Commander-in-Chief's Trophy, the great Air Force Falcons! Watch: either elect more Republican Senators in 2018 or change the rules now to 51%. Our country needs a good shutdown in September to fix mess! The reason for the plan negotiated between the Republicans and Democrats is that we need 60 votes in the Senate which are not there! We... President Andrew Jackson, who died 16 years before the Civil War started, saw it coming and was angry. Would never have let it happen! #ICYMI- On Saturday I signed two EO's to help keep jobs & wealth in our country. EO1: EO2: This month we celebrate the contributions of Asian Americans & Pacific Islanders that enrich our Nation..healthcare plan is on its way. Will have much lower premiums & deductibles while at the same time taking care of pre-existing conditions! You can't compare anything to ObamaCare because ObamaCare is dead. Dems want billions to go to Insurance Companies to bail out donors...New The Democrats, without a leader, have become the party of obstruction.They are only interested in themselves and not in what's best for U.S. Big excitement last night in the Great State of Pennsylvania! Fantastic crowd and people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! I will be interviewed on this morning at 10:00 A.M. Have a great day! Mainstream (FAKE) media refuses to state our long list of achievements, including 28 legislative signings, strong borders & great optimism! Looking forward to RALLY in the Great State of Pennsylvania tonight at 7:30. Big crowd, big energy! . just stated that President Trump's successes are unmatched in recent presidential history Thank you Lou! North Korea disrespected the wishes of China & its highly respected President when it launched, though unsuccessfully, a missile today. Bad! I will be interviewed by on tonight at 7pm. Enjoy! We are making tremendous progress with the V. A. There has never been so much done so quickly, and we have just started. We love our VETS! Today, I signed an Executive Order on Improving Accountability and Whistleblower Protection at the Presidential Memorandum for the re: Aluminum Imports and Threats to National Security: . Melania and I were honored to welcome Argentina President and First Lady Juliana Awada to t As families prepare for summer vacations in our National Parks - Democrats threaten to close them and shut down the government. Terrible! Democrats used to support border security now they want illegals to pour through our borders. Democrats jeopardizing the safety of our troops to bail out their donors from insurance companies. It is time to put #AmericaFirst What's more important? Rebuilding our military - or bailing out insurance companies? Ask the Democrats. I promise to rebuild our military and secure our border. Democrats want to shut down the government. Politics! I want to help our miners while the Democrats are blocking their healthcare. The Democrats want to shut government if we don't bail out Puerto Rico and give billions to their insurance companies for OCare failure. NO! .subject to the fact that if we do not reach a fair deal for all, we will then terminate NAFTA. Relationships are good-deal very possible! I received calls from the President of Mexico and the Prime Minister of Canada asking to renegotiate NAFTA rather than terminate. I agreed... Democrats are trying to bail out insurance companies from disastrous #ObamaCare, and Puerto Rico with your tax dollars. Sad! A great great honor to welcome & recognize the National Teacher of the Year, as well as the Teacher of the Year fro Today, I signed an Executive Order on Enforcing Statutory Prohibitions on Federal Control of Education. EO: Today, I signed an Executive Order @ the U.S. Dept. of 'review of Designations Under the Antiquities Act HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our Melania! The U.S. recorded its slowest economic growth in five years (2016). GDP up only 1.6%. Trade deficits hurt the economy very badly..the Ninth Circuit, which has a terrible record of being overturned (close to 80%). They used to call this judge shopping! Messy system. Out of our very big country, with many choices, does everyone notice that both the ban case and now the sanctuary case is brought in . First the Ninth Circuit rules against the ban & now it hits again on sanctuary cities-both ridiculous rulings. See you in the Supreme Court! Presidential Executive Order on Promoting Agriculture and Rural Prosperity in America Executive Order: Remarks at the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum's National Days of Remembrance. Full remarks: Don't let the fake media tell you that I have changed my position on the WALL. It will get built and help stop drugs, human trafficking etc. Canada has made business for our dairy farmers in Wisconsin and other border states very difficult. We will not stand for this. Watch! Proud of for her leadership on these important issues. Looking forward to hearing her speak at the W20! Today, I signed the Holocaust Remembrance Proclamation: #ICYMI- My statement last night at If our healthcare plan is approved, you will see real healthcare and premiums will start tumbling down. ObamaCare is in a death spiral! Join me in congratulating by using the hashtag #CongratsPeggy! Earlier today: The two fake news polls released yesterday, ABC & NBC, while containing some very positive info, were totally wrong in General E. Watch! .popular vote. ABC News/Washington Post Poll (wrong big on election) said almost all stand by their vote on me & 53% said strong leader. New polls out today are very good considering that much of the media is FAKE and almost always negative. Would still beat Hillary in . Eventually, but at a later date so we can get started early, Mexico will be paying, in some form, for the badly needed border wall. The Democrats don't want money from budget going to border wall despite the fact that it will stop drugs and very bad MS 13 gang members. ObamaCare is in serious trouble. The Dems need big money to keep it going - otherwise it dies far sooner than anyone would have thought. Thank you Lake Worth, Florida. Very interesting election currently taking place in France. I am committed to keeping our air and water clean but always remember that economic growth enhances environmental protection. Jobs matter! Today on Earth Day, we celebrate our beautiful forests, lakes and land. We stand committed to preserving the natural beauty of our nation. Big TAX REFORM AND TAX REDUCTION will be announced next Wednesday. Next Saturday night I will be holding a BIG rally in Pennsylvania. Look forward to it! Getting ready to visit Walter Reed Medical Center with Melania. Looking forward to seeing our bravest and greatest Americans! After 5 SB victories since 2002, it was my honor to give Bob Kraft, Coach Belichick, and the players their first to Presidential Executive Order on Identifying and Reducing Tax Regulatory Burdens Executive Order: WELCOME HOME, AYA! #GodBlessTheUSA China is very much the economic lifeline to North Korea so, while nothing is easy, if they want to solve the North Korean problem, they will No matter how much I accomplish during the ridiculous standard of the first 100 days, & it has been a lot (including S.C.), media will kill! Another terrorist attack in Paris. The people of France will not take much more of this. Will have a big effect on presidential election! A great honor to host PM Paolo Gentiloni of Italy at the White House this afternoon! #ICYMI- Joint Press Conference We're going to use American steel, we're going to use American labor, we are going to come first in all deals. Failing which has been calling me wrong for two years, just got caught in a big lie concerning New England Patriots visit to W.H. A great honor to host the Champion New England at the White House today. Congratulations! Today I signed the Veterans (OUR HEROES) Choice Program Extension & Improvement Act @ the #S544 Watch #BuyAmericanHireAmerican Dems failed in Kansas and are now failing in Georgia. Great job Karen Handel! It is now Hollywood vs. Georgia on June 20th. Despite major outside money, FAKE media support and eleven Republican candidates, BIG R win with runoff in Georgia. Glad to be of help! #BuyAmericanHireAmerican Watch Just learned that Jon who is running for Congress in Georgia, doesn't even live in the district. Republicans, get out and vote! Republicans must get out today and VOTE in Georgia 6. Force runoff and easy win! Dem Ossoff will raise your taxes-very bad on crime & 2nd A. Democrat Jon Ossoff would be a disaster in Congress. VERY weak on crime and illegal immigration, bad for jobs and wants higher taxes. Say NO I will be interviewed on by starting at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy! The weak illegal immigration policies of the Obama Admin. allowed bad MS 13 gangs to form in cities across U.S. We are removing them fast! With eleven Republican candidates running in Georgia (on Tuesday) for Congress, a runoff will be a win. Vote R for lower taxes & safety! See you tomorrow Wisconsin! 'trump spurs small-business optimism in Milwaukee area TRUMP APPROVAL HITS 50% The super Liberal Democrat in the Georgia Congressioal race tomorrow wants to protect criminals, allow illegal immigration and raise taxes! The Fake Media (not Real Media) has gotten even worse since the election. Every story is badly slanted. We have to hold them to the truth! A great book for your reading enjoyment: REASONS TO VOTE FOR DEMOCRATS by Michael J. Knowles. The first 90 days of my presidency has exposed the total failure of the last eight years of foreign policy! So true. The recent Kansas election (Congress) was a really big media event, until the Republicans won. Now they play the same game with Georgia-BAD! Our military is building and is rapidly becoming stronger than ever before. Frankly, we have no choice! Someone should look into who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday. The election is over! Jordan 12s are the best jordans Bouta make a snapchat just to post my fortnite wins get cake die young P A S T E L G O R E PASTELGORE if I get enough rewards points on my credit card can u get me a gf listening to the whispers greatest hits for the first time and every song just seems to be about them wanting to ge I rlly need to stop buyin so many pairs of Jordan 1s but the shoes r just so mfin nice its not even noon yet bro educated shrimp career tip: if ur doing an internship and the dress code doesnt require u to wear a suit to work t pOkemon GO to my DMs ladies Im very lonely I feel as tho assault rifle girl is tryin to take tomi Laurens spot as most hated white woman on the internet so m faded as a mf off that new car smell I work in Amazon HR department. Jeff Bezos has had sex with my wife many times while I watched. I enjoy watching hi Got another tattoo and still no gf... wtf bro how many RTs to let me hit I feel like woah Vicky should have like a Wild Irish accent for some reason need me a ride or die queen like this brah I thought twitter would get better after they banned all the deck accounts but dam this place is still getting worse lmao 300K likes... how is there no nu metal drop A tuning type beat SoundCloud rapper yet GOD DAMN ppl r really still doin this tired ass shit can u come up with something new u lame clout demons remember yall past midnight is premium goofass hours for me I dont actually tweet during the day who the fuck even is pete davidson do u accept mid pack in exchange for new cars bout to be whipping the ever living shit outa my new 2018 Honda Civic tomorrow ladies dm if u want to take a ride 2018 is officially the year of fuel efficiency miss me with that low MPG nonsense gotta cop the new foreign tomorrow bc the old one died which one yall like ? idk what the cause is for my car not starting today but Im just gonna blame it on that 69 dude or Dj akademic or s going to bed hopefully will have a dream about what life would like if I actually had a hairline goodnight u think trump and Kim jong french kissed each other today hope he sees this one bro large companies social media teams tryna think of hilarious jokes to make about ihop changing its name reminder to all my fellow whites out there: make sure to keep the sunscreen on deck at all times. Have one bottle o ihop announcing the in their new name stands for burgers is mad underwhelming its like they announced a new wale album or something wouldve watched E3 yesterday but I was very busy having sexual relations with many 10/10 females all day gm we back at the office job making awkward small talk and drinking tons of coffee its lit cant wait to go to my office tomorrow and say good morning and do tons of white guy head nods to all of my coworkers another night of tearin up a good ole country back road by my lonely.. smh Italians rlly snapped when they came up with the tomato pie I had one today and it changed my view on pizza forever cant believe kid cudi just moaned we live in a society for 12 tracks on this new album wow get to work and pull up twitter on this beautiful Friday morning only to see a pic of Mrs puff double cheeked up sm bro literally made shoes with nut on them this is the true future of footwear just dropped another heatwave over on go peep! Jeff mangum had no business goin as hard as he did on in the aeroplane over the sea foreal yo is out here wildin! this mf is back at it again smh how tf did lil pump get his braces off without his teeth fallin out Theres no way that dude brushes his teeth more gm beautiful ladies need a beautiful gf that can tell me why tf my check engine light is on how javale mcgees gona look after the game after playing more than 10 minutes bro why bother even putting a mic on draymond green wen u only get like 5 seconds of usable sound thats not him talking shit that straight shit I aint wit it I send shots (of nut) at ur fitted gratata -Bryan Silva why did Bryan Silva rebrand himself from vine gratata dude to I did a gay porn dude is it true tht if u order a copy of that new kanye west album it comes with a $20 off coupon for cabelas YouTube search: kanye west ducks unlimited alt right drain the swamp Toby Keith skoal Long cut type beat yo cant believe ye got the Ted Nugent feature on one of his tracks a very small bible My Pusha T diss, I got you Aubrey #PushaT #Drake #DrakeUndefeated #Ovo #StoryofAdidon #DuppyFreestyle BARS no matter how much my wifes bf makes fun of me for it, theres nothing wrong with being a 36 year old virgin these hoes cleaannn why u got Paul George out here drinkin pee pee on IG is this a relatable parody account ? drake spat out his hummus as soon as he opened twitter its been so long baby I missed u so much My popular opinion: my unpopular opinion: klay Thompson about to enjoy a nice tall glass of warm milk after this game Bout to turn up and clean my apartment to celebrate this Memorial Day we out here havent tweeted for a bit been busy making out with the bros ever since I heard Brock Hampton is hiring 21 bitches wanna write me a letter - Lil dude lock yo self in a room doing 5 Trump Support Posts a day for 3 summers - kanye west very happy Ive never played this game after seeing this video ladies watch out if ur not careful Bryan Silva might steal ur man as soon as I saw asap rocky was doin a collab with under armor I knew any album he puts out from there on would mid wen grandma says she didnt pick up any hot pockets wen she hit up the grocery store just freaked it! maybe my luck has taken a turn for the better maybe I actually WILL hold a girls hand this year ladies... Imagine THIS!! so many ladies r imaging their life fifteen years from now and Im sitting here imagining wen my wifes bf will fin ur mcm is there any way to mute or block it or something so I never have to see it on my tl again Heisenbergs wildin Out lmao Im going to sit outside of my local Popeyes is there a way to mute gifs bc that gif of Shaun king not inhaling any of the blunt is triggering the hell outa me theres a country song I heard about a girl with a body like a back road but that doesnt make sense bc back roads True life: Im addicted to tearin up a good ole country back road on a beautiful summers night the end of days are upon us ppl r rlly tweeting about the royal wedding like lil didnt just drop a new album wtf would ya look at the time 12 11 # 1 10 | 2 9 - - fuck Yanny and laurel basedgod just dropped a new album get ur priorities right can I report this as spam or something bag secured what if weve been doin it wrong this whole time and fish are actually attracted to big gas instead of worms n shit castin out ur rod on a cool summer night pussy lil the most based venture capitalist rip to young king Dave donate here if you can: I miss u how Ill be if yall dont check out the shit I just put on and the stuff I have on my depop (shrim I swear this is the best viral marketing campaign for a drink ever I bet this shit is mid smokin on that fishing this morning this tweet goes out to all my reel (real) fishermen RT and cast out ur line if ur up no way Im gonna have any good summer nights this year. too busy doin chores for my wifes bf so he finally gives me my xbox back Im literally so ready for summer nights. arbys roast beef sandwich extra mayo. uhh how that shit go again dammit! My son got into my beer again!$!! I need your help my boy is out of control! near a Publix this week need to go to get a sub to pay my respects to what flavor should I get bro out here eating fried scallops god dam bro these r fantastic Hey childish gambino also known as Donald Glover do u have one ball or two?? childish gambino (Donald Glover): this might a deep cut but to all my ppl with rental properties in the future: dont keep pics of ur mfin family in the property its weird yeah... 911? yea., they turned off Sweet Caroline before the chorus Im gonna need u here immediately Im on vacation so Im only allowed to post relatable beach memes now wen ur mom takes away ur xbox after u dont take out the trash lil said if he ever became president hed still hit a lick and thats why I support him no matter what GM! best thing to happen to me so far in 2018 big shoutout to the homie Lauren A real man will suck dick to feed his kids just took a fat L on these off white converses putting my account on private its emo time starlord... These dudes cummed in my roots I swear everytime I listen to lil is always better than the last time bout to pull up to the #MetGala we lit saw a car yesterday that said honk if your horny on the back complete with a big juggalo sticker and it was the thought this shit was a haiku for a sec need one of these to make myself a holographic gf yo rt if u ever drink some #beer I actually saw a #FreeGEazy post on IG today i need to go back to bed Im sick gn this video is giving me baked Alaska flashbacks ahh wen ur mom wake u up at 12:46 pm by pulling ur window curtains open damn its almost cinco de mind yo if only the true god of hip hop hopsin could come back and bring kanye back to the light ladies u hav $5 to spend on a man: $100 pepperoni pizza $61 breadsticks (w dipping sauce) $30 Buffalo Wings $1000 the Bible amen gonna keep it a buck with u chief I will trade all my mf kids for a pair of these someone outbid me at the last second on somethin on eBay so I might hav to put my twitter on private so I can go full emo for a minute howdy just dropped a buncha stuff on my thrift account and have mad stuff on my depop (shrimp_thrifts) go peep! these adults in the children of the corn movie deserved to get killed these mfs are dumb as shit imagine yodel boy fucks around and cops a pair of those balenciaga triple s joints snuck my phone into #InfinityWar last night managed to get a pic of a shot from the final scene... cant belie !INFINITY WAR SPOILERS! cant believe iron man kisses Batman at the end of #InfinityWar do you think there were ppl who tested drinking that shit water first or did some person just give bill gates the c I would expect bill gates to post about drinking blood on twiter before he posted about drinking shit tbh he se very happy I was able to get the size swap on these theyre so hard kanye definitely not off the loud hes off that Skoal Wintergreen Long Cut the hat. i have signed a deal with the devil and it is now sucking away my life force. please save me like Vince Staples said that mf r Kelly kept ppl as Prisoner and I heard ignition at the gym the other day I think Kanyes gonna be fine lol u can get as mad at yeezy as u want but u all know everyones still gonna listen to the album wen it drops give it a couple days and Kanyes gonna drop an EP with Toby Keith Listenin to jpegmafia this sht is so damn good now that meek is free we can focus our efforts to freeing Robert shmurda those nature valley granola bars r dangerous I tried to break off a piece n that shit exploded Im ready to get my meat transplant lets make it happen gm yal hope yall have a great week might listen to this new j cole only to see if hes crafted any new masterful poop/shit/fart lines yo out of all the kanye album date tweets this is craziest one I swear wen u left the cookies in the oven too long and now they burnt look how mfin good these shoes look getting lit as a mf off the bud diesel I probably have drank about 10 of those mfs why does chris Paul look like megamind on a big screen tv his head looks dumb big anyone who makes that 4/20 simplify your fractions to 1/5 joke today deserves to get smacked happy 420 secured some baggage today that was dropped on my other mfin account go check tht shit out Im addicted to thrifting Yeezy 451 early prototype gn yal sleep tight i swear kanye is one tweet away from sayin some grades dont test knowledge...,... they test obedience type shit think Im gona take the day off of Twitter the day j coles album drops... Definitely gonna be peak headassery that day instead of picking up a blunt this 4/20 how about u pick up a bible bro tbh Im surprised at how good these look with some relaxed fit olive colored pants lmao just boolin... Listenin to some bonverge... Robert shmurda May be freed from prison early u will not ruin this grand news with an announcement for another albu i be thrifting the heat for my homies sometimes check out keep that, we only care about Robert shmurdas potential early release from his political confinement just got back from confession. Ive been wearing socks to bed way too often the past few weeks and just had t did Coachella make up most of those artists just for the fest bc I swear I havent heard of like 80% of em hip hop masterpiece been watching the twilight zone all day this sht is way better than that mid ass black mirror met an Italian girl last night and after 5 minutes of talkin to her I was ready to pack my bags and start a new lif Big shouts to the Taco Bell employees that give you like 100 packs of hot sauce wen u only ask for extra the world cant end yet I dont even hav a gf BRoO THIS MAN AT WORK HAS HIS FEET TUCKED INTO THE AIR MONARCHS LIKE SOME SLIPPERS IM DEAD gm everyone I think im just gonna go back to bed and not chase this bread today... just got off the phone with bow wow... He said if I dont stop jokin about him online hes gona run up on me wit we must replace Mark Zuckerberg with Lil Terrio for the position of Facebook CEO #FineMenThatAreNotAFuckinBabyBro ur dam right I copped the size 10.5 wotherspoon 97/1s for resale before selling my size 11s we out here with no pat gm we out here using a mug for coffee at work bc using n throwing away paper cups is mad wasteful!! rlly need a good sunscreen plug for this spring/summer need the SPF 1000+ bro mr krabs rlly flossed his own ass with a dollar wtf eatin a scrapple sandwich for breakfast on that real savage shit GM Jesus Christ are ppl rlly still posting like this yes fellow humans. I completely plan.exe on protecting all of your HUMAN_DATA with all Sixteen Cores of processi gm hustlers (if you have a pair of wotherspoon 97/1s size 10.5 pls god swap me for 11 I beg of you) black mirror s5 is gona hav the craziest twist of all... I finally get a gf bro black mirror is rlly the middest of the mid its ok yaya I just dropped a heatwave over on go check it out graduation girl keeps the burner in her coochie just in case her sorority sister Brittany wants to talk about collusion with Russia again got another tattoo n still no gf wtf when will my wife come home... If you Uhh how dont love that shit me at my. go agen? gm gm saw some tweet last night that mentioned that bone Apple tea phase of twitter being funny and thats prolly why i how long before the researchers of twitter uncover that the yodeling kids family started the k or something also if yal dont get that yodeling yee haw south will rise again little Wal-Mart boy off my tl I swear to god bro E-40 rlly named his tequila E Cuarenta lmfao ngl I got hit in the head in the pit last night and I think I lost a few brain cells so bear with me if I start for before our Lord And Savior rise from the dead who wana admit they have a crush on me 60k followers n the girls dont even flock to me wen I hit the bar... If only they knew how many weekly interactions I get... Smh just finished eating Burger King breakfast and I feel ashamed heating my workplace for free today Gm FREEZE! THIS IS A STICKUP COWPOKE!! PUT THE LIBERAL TEARS IN THE BAG AND I RECKON NO ONE GETS HURT!! we are truly blessed that gudda gudda has decided to continue the work of the late Stephen hawking in order to revo we need gudda gudda to get that final xxl freshman 2018 spot he cemented his legacy with that grocery bag line barber; what u want me: Disney princess barber: say no more did twitter get bought out by buzzfeed or somethin before we get a Disney princess or whatever can we at least get Popeyes that stay open til like 2am theres nothing that I learned in college tht I couldnt learn from listening to a lil mixtape wonder if any of the xxl freshmen will have a more headass cypher verse than xxxtwobyfour that wendys mixtape was ight but Ive really been waiting on that heat wen ur running away from Patrick bc hes tryna catch u like a jellyfish and u get a chance to chill n catch ur brea i always read the tiny text tweets in the i no baby voice ebay about to Hit me with the fade its been nice knowing u guys now that Ive learned how to do that little typing shit its and I got her MAN.. fellow hustlers: even tho I am still mourning the loss of my chances at a pair of the sw 97/1s I am still up nice all u mfs better hit with the fire ass feet pics for his bday gm fellow hustlers it might Monday but we still gettin to this money bout to eat a pop tart then take a shower we really lit dear logics former wife, if I could possibly hav the opportunity to take u on a date I promise I will never ignore please I beg of u I will trade u my entire family for a pair of the wotherspoon 97/1s If I dont win a pair thru raffles its Friday lets get this bag OFF THIS MF COFFEE GM EVERYONE ha ha yes classic !! comedy! Ha ha bc its the snake from the tweet! LOL! literally rofl hey random person HMU with this message so it looks like I didnt do anything bc my fans will believe anything I s whats goin on with this one my guy any of the homies wana do some snow angels with me today if the call of duty mw2 remaster doesnt have Timmy thick as an unlockable playable character with his own mission Tyrone Biggums feet have all of my twitter interns browsing through every spongebob episode ever made researching for the next big meme Mom definitely lookin around the house wondering where tf her good pants went please we need your help to save the dow jones its down 400 points the economy is crashing please help us damn accidentally turned night mode off and suddenly all I could see were Russ tweets and that krusty krab chum buc the only celebrity I wanna see playin fortnite please please drop an album and bring some heat to the northeast region of the us im tired of all of this snow every week u serious ? I just lifted for the first time in like 5 months and I feel good as hell not gonna lie CALLING ALL UNITS WE HAVE A CODE RED WHITE SAYING N WORD ON THE TL, THIS IS NOT A DRILL yo if I cant win reservations for the game royal Jordan ones or the wotherspoon 97/1s how many of my sons ca gm gm just put some more stuff on yall better check that sht out back on my bullshit! bro gettin offers from Walmart N arbys read one page of a book challenge who u got wen u get too lit at the function n the bros break out the sharpies I would love to make more jokes about drake playing fortnite but idk shit about fortnite as Ive Been spending all now that we got the drake fortnite stream the real ones need that SGP legal legends stream drake playing fortnite will never surpass this incredible event yo the other day I saw some mf that cuffed his sweatpants and that shit blew my mind Im just gona lazy bc Im at work but just put KFC as the chum bucket and Popeyes as the Krusty Krab yall better be pullin up like this for the upcoming spring/summer seasons off these mandarin oranges just had to call the fire department to put out this one after uploading all of this stuff smh that ugly mane lean got me fucked up beat made me have to sleep with a nightlight ngl just got off the phone with my wife. she told me she cheated on me with Big Sean absolutely devastated gm I feel as tho in the future tourists will now come to the United States to see Mount Rushmore, New York City, the G almost had to hit the burn unit again handling all this heat I got on this account owchie (peep my depop too, acco mike stud bout to pull up with all the nations frat boys and drown rapaport in natty light brah Idk where I got all these followers from the last day or two but Im gonna celebrate by gettin a good nights r yo if these deck twitter dudes dont stop hittin my Snapchat I swear... deck twitter rn This might be one of the best things Ive ever woken up to Martin shkreli gonna drop the hardest first day out price gouge wen he gets outa jail fr got some clear frame glasses today shoutout to my hipsters my wifes bf gave me $20 and I freaked it all my hardcore homies out there this goes dummy so check it out happy #InternationalWomansDay to my #1 I need the custom la di da di da slob on mi knob alarm to wake me up every morning just got a txt from the us govt department of cybersecurity they told me theyre dropping everything until they fig Im surprised most of the ppl getting mad at lil xan actually know who tf lil xan is lol despite the twitter feds locking me up for 12 hours I got some new shoes today n theyre comfy as shit emailing the CIA rn so they can archive my tweets to be preserved after the twitter Illuminati inevitably takes me out brah u rlly need to cut this shit out good god I googled Tony the Tiger and the first result page had that mf with giant tiddies brb Im goin to take a bath in holy water A nice wholesome breakfast featuring Kelloggs Frosted Flakes pussy yall need to check this out depop servers r about to melt down bc I just uploaded so much heat when r u going to be making whats on your mind posts bannable gm hustlers we up early contemplating if this soul sucking corporate job is worth the good pay and benefits that it how many y'all mama been good she cook that collard green fat back meat cornbread 2 biscuit biscuit with the corn o damn they out here verifying relatable dm for promo deck twitter accounts now smh wyd Brb...,. goin for a walk... twitter got one of the homies today: the ultimate respecter of our Troops, the double cheeked god William ratchet y jus pulled up to the sixty nine show where yal at wen u forget parenthesis in ur python script n debug that shit for like an hour happy Friday everyone who hittin the library with me later we reading the hobbit tonight shits gonna be crazy wen u do backflip and u know ur gonna land that shit I feel like fortnite fans r gonna ruin it like rick and morty fans ruined rick and morty got plenty of heat leftover on go check that out! wen u watch one episode of king of the hill I love lil but wen he goes on a foot posting spree I can hardly scroll thru my tl at work bc its just full of fo conspiracy theory; the secret ingredient in the Krabby patty secret formula is a small sprinkle of mid me: hello how r u Drake; great its been so long since Ive seen u giv me a hug me: ok buddy reminder: I am I sneaker account now no more jokes im about to eat a garlic bread cheesesteak I dont think u understand the level Im on rn gonna need a salma Hayek mask for the bros so they can suck me up wen Im Feeling lonely I PLEDGE TO WORK FOR FREE for any school to help secure the children. I am a baby with combat experience. I have a all this heat on is burning a dam hole in my phone go check it out before my phone dies gm sorry that I havent tweeted that much the past few Ive been very busy doing research into new technologies never in Pittsburgh trying to smoke some mid with bro if yall dont go wish a happy mf birthday right now I swear to god. just boolin listenin to bar seat Headrest! alright cole Im gonna jump in the air and u gonna start freestyling which is gonna make me fall asleep... then I dm for promo twitter is shook rn now they actually have to naturally build a following and actually be funny rlly hope lil boat 2 isnt the mid pack I rlly liked the original lil boat i gotchu bro, I just dropped a bunch of heat that I thrifted over at itll keep u warm listening to Blonde for the first time ever hahahaha god damn Im so late on this oh shit just saw Antwon followed me thats all I needed for 2018 goin to sleep for the rest of the year smh its not even noon yet and this mandarin orange is tempting me had to make sure I said no homo before walking into five guys to get a burger today just boolin eatin some bheerios!! how many of my children can I giv u to get early access to the bred toe ones human_stance.exe smile.exe Awaiting command... Awaiting command... Awaiting command... do ppl in Alabama still settle disagreements and whatnot with gun duels I feel as tho all teachers in Alabama r already strapped up anyway dont rlly care abt those new famous Olympic athletes just bc Michael phelps won a crazy amount of medals while off the mid pack why do I wanna buy these bred toe 1s even tho I bought Royal 1s last month smh I need to cut this out so hungry bout to hit up jiffy lube anyone want anything? also there was this part in mr robot where the music drops and the camera zooms in on him slowly and he says were bro I would be happy as hell if someone was grillin plates of food in the movie theater that popcorn never fills me always got that thang on me. bout to hit up this toby Keith concert its about to litty pic 1 + pic 2 = pic 3? Ash Wednesday? More like ass wednesday!! ladies hit my DMs!! (Please Im so lonely) so upset bro... my wifes bf got her a better valentines present this year than I did. rlly gonna have to step my game up next year god I love my valentine. I would be nothing without you and I cant wait to spend the rest of my life with you by my side I love that delicious popeyes chicken especially on Mardi Gras! Louisiana fast! #MardiGrasMe this account is 100% run by a 37 yr old man named Charles need a gf that looks like Cookie Monster this chicken salad has me a lil faded not gonna lie after watching 4 episodes of mr robot I hav successfully hacked the olympics I swear bro mr robot is just dexter if dexter was a hacker instead of a killer just copped up on the air max 97 yee yee colorway how much would it cost to buy enough blackened ranch sauce to fill a bathtub OMG cant believe this 100% real (not fake) interaction just happened wtf snap chat! up early off the coffee on the Lords Day its time to get it ladies and gentlemen gm got more tattoos today n still no goth gf bro wtf ate a vegan cheesesteak tonight shit was good as hell shouts out to my vegans finally figured out what Mj had in his secret stuff bottle got selvedge denim on my mind.. U feel me crying myself to sleep bc left me on read in the dms just listened to forest drive hill or whatever that j cole album is and Im finally ready to use my updated Snapchat shoot ur shot 2018 gm! Im up! and Im listening to some mf Fugazi! hit that like button if u feel that! yo thank u so much for keeping me up to date with whats really goin on out here in the USA this is some h hey bro do u wanna go to Red lobster with me for Valentines Day sorry that I havent been tweeting much just got finished reading the Bible 12 times in a row been very busy hangin what r u getting me for Valentines Day how on earth, after the eagles winning the Super Bowl, would a wawa disrespect me by not putting whiz on my cheesesteak Im devastated #SuperBowl trump scrambling to pass an executive order to get the pats this win thugger no wen ur mom yells at u for stealin cookies out of the cookie jar bro these rae sremmurd super bowl commercials even hav ad libs truly incredible anyone I hear saying dilly dilly is getting a swirlie on sight fellas. U ever drink a beer n be like. dam. Im rlly drinkin a beer rn drinkin. #beer! #BlackMenSmiling gonna keep it real with u I hope all of u who may be going to nature world night out cherish that shit bc seeing se if I listen to Xo your life 3 times before bed will that protect me from having a hangover tomorrow saw a cute girl I havent seen in a minute at the bar tonight jokes on her Im a man of the lord wen ur bro says his library book 3 months overdue performing at rolling loud this year bout to do my taxes on stage w/ as my hype man gn tht 69 dude is the type of dude to fail gym class what did ur federal tax return look like this year bro TurboTax Just Had Sex With My Wife And Then Earned Me $7,400 On My 2017 Federal Tax Return Thanks ! #ad #paidtweet Russ fans: Donald trump: hello there random verified twitter account: dont u mean. Covfefe there! hah ha ha yes. g twitter is gona be a hellhole during the state of the union address so Ill prolly just take a nap or read a book or somethin idk tons of verified twitter accounts r gettin covfefe jokes ready for the state of the union address later Im just tryna boss my life up and eat a sandwich that has garlic bread on it instead of normal bread financially responsible gang 2018 its ok random anime twitter account u can find plenty of heat over at to save u from the cold my prayers go out to all the poor souls who think dinosaur jr is a bad band its ok u will be brought to the light eventually amen bout to drop a whole diss mixtape aimed at the mfs out there who think its ok to not say thank u when someone holds a door open for them cant believe Ludwig Van Beethoven didnt win a Grammy smh his album from this year was all slappers front to back ur boy hungover as a mf bought some royal Jordan 1s today Im officially a sneaker account sorry yal no jokes anymore failed outa this school my first semester smh lil needs to direct a movie or something at some point that shit would be incredible yoo got that #Culture2 dl link right here peep it!! why r ppl actin like they cant do their laundry without tide pods just pour mf detergent in the machine n clean ur clothes smh I rlly want to cop a nice pair of Jordan ones but those mfs r so expensive wen bro tries to put some cream and sugar in ur coffee loyal men r up right now drinkin Black coffee how is ur stock portfolio looking nowadays I bet tht sixty nine guy smells like spongebobs breath wen he ate that sundae this new hot topic comercial bangs waka flocka bout to get his goons to force feed processed chicken tenders to any vegan who steps outa line and speaks down on his name I guess is just sayin fuck it lets put vapormax soles on everything did cummo get nominated for an Oscar I rlly need to stop waitin til 1 am every night to start droppin these tweets I need to sleep so I can in prime grind form tomorrow I think wen u reach the gates of heaven to Zion by lauryn hill plays as they open up designer shoe sizes will continue to grow, in the year 2100 designer shoes will the size of small cars do u make toilet paper I have a feeling popeyes social media is run by a panel of like 10+ ppl all over the age of 50 shit,..., just got back from the hospital doc says I got third degree burns from handling all the heat I got over on owww finally figured out who the mf behind the meninist twitter accounts was need a gf thats built like squidward after he ate all the krabby patties and they went to his thighs that feelin after u just flossed ur teeth pussy u kno tom Brady gave amendola a long sensual tongue kiss after he made that catch earlier now that the eagles r goin to Super Bowl anyone wana admit they hav a crush on me we gotta incorporate walk up music to everything in life not just sports I wanna get hype when I walk in the doors its ok dawn ive got plenty of heat over at got plenty of heat over at go check it out u could always peep plenty of heat there rip Fredo Santana to all my hardcore-liking homies, my homie band just dropped a new album peep that shit flexing the 98s at work bout to cause a heatwave gm my fellow hustlers what a beautiful day to be up early getting this paper I don't think Popeyes wants to sponsor me bc of my notorious status as a real bad boy of twitter forgot to show this to the tl but ebay blessed me the other day love u gn my physical therapist just told me all I need to do is listen to flockaveli 3 times n my shoulder will fix itself bro someone at work yesterday finessed my yogurt and I've never been so heated in my life might go rly wild today n cop some boxer briefs from amazon bout to listen to A Crow Looked At Me all this heat is burning a hole in my apartment pls peep and see if there's anything u like (there also is still so just sold off all my bitcoin now I'm stockin up on Home Depot coupons wen we bringin Nike shox back Hey guys! I am the lottery winner of $451 Million. I am not a baby! With this incredible opportunity I am giving ba this accounts gonna sold n become a relatable worldstarhiphop account in like 2 weeks mark my words the FBI agent watching me thru my tweets: aren't those Gatorade Jordan 1s supposed to taste like Gatorade? I just licked mine and it tasted awful not very happy this how I look in the morning if I don't get my coffee rt if u can relate on this one lol!! SnapBack: on meat; on soft Grind Mode: activated Bro I bet u gronk refers to tom Brady as daddy still plenty of stuff left check it out! brroo no #MLKDay yo once supreme drops a sex robot it's game over gonna need to cop a balenciaga sex robot smokin big loud ladies hit my phone ~*~Cann We Pretend Liike AiirPlanes Iin Tha Niight Sky Are Lyke Shootiinq tom Brady and all of his receivers probly hav slumber parties n go under the covers to tell each other scary storie yea tom Brady is a good qb but does he kiss all of his receivers on the lips after they hav a good game bro I swear KFC is putting like 99% of their yearly budget into marketing this year w new tryhard commercials every we need football teams that kiss each other in the huddle instead of clapping their hands and breaking the huddle after a long day of thrifting I'm definitely gona need some nice BBW to get rid of my hunger you can only achieve a voice as smooth as bun s if u never smoke mid in ur entire life gonna drink coffee until my voice turns into bun s voice gm to all my fellow loyal men up early on a Saturday they're gonna hav to keep an ambulance on deck if a light breeze comes thru during PNb rocks firefly set n breaks his legs a Pnb rock's legs type beat brah my ninja socks matched these heaters way too well imagine paying 200 dollars or however much firefly is to go see logic solve a Rubix cube on stage and rap about algorithms inaugural drop on my thrift account! go peep (and follow) maybe you'll find somethin u like! CAN I GET AN AMEN ha ha Omg a twitter account created for the original tweet omg this is hilarious ha ha Omg the ultimate first world struggle going thru my head rn of if I should wait to try n thrift a piece of clothing I w loyal men r up right now writing JavaScript code listened to college dropout again and I'm still dumbfounded at that common line where he says real rappers is hard just got off the phone with Forrest Gump he told me him n his guys will run my fade if I ever step foot in Alabama forreal tho I think I'll need to donate a kidney if I wanna cop some gear ay do yal take trades for ur clothes I'll trade u my son Like New condition anyone tryna do a brockhampton type thing except it's just all twitter dudes in one house n all we do is drop fire reboot of Spy kids but now they smoke weed I'll be taking my check now Hollywood wen she invites u over n u find out she doesn't keep a Bible in her place ppl in Alabama celebrating the championship win like their state didn't almost elect a pedophile to office a few weeks ago lmao smh no matches in months u need to check ur algorithm there's no way women wouldn't swipe right on a man GN SAY IT BACK i cut a pair of pants I thrifted to be shorter n all the sudden I hav the urge to go to the store n buy some kombucha wtf got invited to attend the golden globes tonight but turned em down bc I'll never skip bible study on the lords day keep the Nationwide Insurance Plan tucked by my hip incase someone wana run into my car can u guys collab with 21 savage for a nationwide is on ur side commercial I went to my hood yesterday dudes start calling me Lysol Disinfecting Wipes I said why y'all calling me that they s Might fuck around n clean my apartment today yal really not livin like me Sorry I cant make it to your birthday party tonight, I just got an email from Chilis so Im gonna stay home and read it hey it me! amanda and I went to a jake paul concert and it was just as bad as you'd think: I stand by what I said. If you even have an INKLING OF DEPRESSIVE BEHAVIOR, stay the FUCK away from tube tops thank m | coffee | guys i'm attempting a stream, please be nice to me i don't know what i'm doing. also, is here I can't stop thinking about this May the 2018 be with you Someone at the AV Club wrote an article about my most recent video. I am very happy about this. This is what an entire episode of Friends looks like without any dialogue. Almost 5 and a half minutes of canned la Me when left by myself for 20 minutes I cant believe 4/20 falls on a yesterday this year imagine being so proud of a list of first names that you felt the need to watermark it new video: very dumb website is using my face as clickbait, amanda helps me pop some ball Accidentally buried my shovel this morning and now I have no way to get it out. I hate Mondays How? How does this happen? My car was parked. It was stationary. How fucking bad do you have to be at driving to sc if you then you dont dont love deserve me at my I don't know how it took me so long to discover but I think he is the owner of my new favorite youtube Happy easter or april fools or whatever the fuck. Anyway were going live in an hour. Come watch us play games Im pretty sure YouTube punishes me for making fun of other channels by subjecting my audience to the channel Im r me: road work ahead?? UHH yea, i sure hope it DOES my driving instructor, clenching her fists: drew you took your Just found out the YouTube Algorithm is going to be at Vidcon! I hope he does a meet & greet It's crazy how much can change in just a few years #2012to2018 Video: Reacting to my old vines (or more accurately, laughing at/over-explaining my old vines) I could not be more pleased with the order in which these comments appear Ill be doing a meet & greet at playlist this year so you should come and meet or greet me. You dont have to do bo In honor of reaching 60,000 twitter followers, I decided I should tweet something. It is this.. and I were looking for an apartment in LA and everything was going great until Eddy and Gus (mostly Just when I thought this feature couldnt get any worse The only good thing about Daylight Savings is finally all my clocks are right again :-) What a time to be alive Happy #InternationalWomenDay! Some of you ladies may not know what this means; basically its a day to celebrate wo I hate my life I've watched this part 100 times and I'm still not entirely sure how I knocked over the cup. Finally a tedtalk I can get behind The rumors are true everyone; and I did a video together! However, the rumors of the video being ver This was great but it was a little weird that you just made the two of us talk while you sat in the other r Tried to write a joke about current events and all I could come up with were two of the worst tweets of all time Im fine with ppl using this joke and going viral because it just shows how popular this vine was, but come on dude Amanda and I are filming another podcast today. What would you like us to talk about? Ah yes, it seems weve stumbled upon the worst opinion of anybody on twitter Youre gonna remake this and not even have Lindsay Lohan play the mom? Id like to speak to your manager HAHAHAHA oh my god this is incredible You can keep trying forever libtards but youll never take away our guns. Every night I walk into the woods and sho Happy Valentines Day. To celebrate this pretend holiday fabricated by big corporations in order to sell more choco Oh my god holy shit i just realized FRIENDS is an acronym: Friends Ross Iross Eross Nross Dross Shandler Cant decide what I like the most about fortnite: -getting my hopes up before inevitably getting killed -lowering m 8 months ago I made a video about terrible life hacks and it quickly became my most popular video. So in the spirit Another incredible video by Mr. Nerd City and OH BY THE WAY IM IN IT. Also featuring some sultry narration by So proud of Logan Paul. For someone to go from not knowing that suicide is bad, to knowing that it actually is bad, Progress: All of this years Oscar nominations for best actress are WOMEN! Take that, patriarchy Oh shit it me as a anime NEW VIDEO: I Joined Team 10 So You Don't Have To! a little biased but trust me when I This was a pretty confusing email to start the day with Congratulations Lars for being the first person to use the Official Drew Gooden Stapler! Glad to see the compliment Yes ladies, these guys are all monsters. But why is no one talking about how GOOD I am?? Why arent I getting speci art Jesus Christ haven't you had enough PR disasters for one week?? Enjoy the game today fans, but dont forget the man that got you here Jake Paul watching Logan this week Whoa! Did anyone else notice that WatchMojo is doing top 11 lists now? Total gamechanger. 2018 is already exceeding Dear Internet, Remember guys, the police have the night off tonight! You can do whatever you want :-) THREAD: My Best Tweets of 2018 God dammit I typed the wrong year. Sorry, I havent made any tweets in 2018 yet. Check back later. I can already tell this image is going to give me nightmares NEW VIDEO: I Quit My Job To Do YouTube. How can I afford to do this, you ask? Well let me tell you about my state-o A special Christmas message. My life mission of being exactly half as successful as couldnt be going any better. Also thanks for 300k e An emotional reunion. With Christmas fast approaching, I cant help but worry that weve lost sight of its true meaning. Our obsession wi Vine 2? Oh please Call me when Vine 3 is out. Besides, I already moved on to flipagram MONTHS ago New video will be up either tonight or tomorrow. In the meantime, here is an important message to precede it. I can Thanksgiving was created by the stuffing industry to sell more stuffing. Seriously, name 1 other day you eat stuffing. Not a fan If you're not already subscribed to Nerd City, do yourself a favor and change that. He makes his videos with such a So on a scale of 1 to Team 10, how bad did Jake fuck up this time? Never Not Nut November is ruining my life. I haven't been able to get anything else done. I was fired from my job. I hate this month. Me, before logging onto twitter today: Oh nice, we can do more words now Me, after seeing 10,000 words in the firs Remember to set your clocks on fire tonight People keep trying to tell me I didn't dress up but my mayonnaise costume only works if you look at it from the r logan.mp4 Perfect, now that it's just us boys in here... Fellas, is it gay to have balls? I mean they basically just han Oh my god they finally explained it I'm determined to find the best content on the internet! Please don't put more words on this site I don't know how to read Exciting business opportunities in the works I can't think of a more comically large thing you would try to sneak around on top of your car Now realizing that this didn't work out the way I had hoped Here is approximately 7% of a youtube video I made that I think is good and that you might enjoy watching thanks. They should at least put their health meters above them so I know who's winning Alright boys and dudes, it's fight time. Who's gonna do the best punches tonight? Wait what how many are there Can't wait for this eclipse to be over so I can go back to staring at the sun constantly Okay jake Wtf how is it already April?? 2013 is flying by Can't believe this just happened I appreciate all the kind messages I've gotten in the wake of this news. Today, we grieve; but tomorrow, we rise. Jake somehow turned you can't fire me, I QUIT! into a 2 paragraph essay Thomas puts so much consideration into every detail of his videos, and is hands down one of the most creative peopl new video: Oh my god dude we get it, you've had sex, you can stop tweeting about it now The secret to YouTube success must be to not post anything for 3 weeks But holy shit guys this is insane! New v Now THIS is a vine thread I can get behind shut up bitch The only popular tweets anymore are when people quote other tweets and make fun of them. Time to rethink my strategy. If you want to see me make between 3 and 5 jokes while failing miserably at a cooking competition, this video is so When I break it down like this I don't feel quite as bad for usually only doing half Now that I have 9,000 YouTube subscribers I think it's time to start yelling at security guards about how much more Reply to this tweet with any noun, it for YouTube video Happy Father's Day, dad. I will always cherish the memories we've made together New YouTube video about famous people who have no business making music but then decide to anyway. Lick & subscribe Is that nice, good music I hear? It sure is! Check it the heck out. Thank GOD twitter users: can you make it so we can edit tweets? twitter: thanks! for our next update we will be sending your parents into space BOTH: (muffled) basketball basketball basketbal This is like clickbait but with no link to click on New youtube video tomorrow about someone very near and dear to my heart. Been working on this for a while Today is the only day you can retweet this Living a healthier life, one day at a time Not totaling my car in the first place a short film Hey so I'm a little late on the trump orb thing but I just remembered about the weirdest scene from the worst Star Oh so guys can wear rompers now? What's next, girls wearing jeans? I'm so done with 2017 Okay so hear me out but I have a conspiracy theory that Justin Bieber died a few years ago and has been replaced by Updated 2017 meme calendar through May, with a preview of what's to come When your dad's birthday is on Mother's Day and your parents are divorced Feels good to be all done with finals! I haven't taken a final in like 3 years but it still feels good Why does he always have to make everything so weird In an alternate universe where things make sense If u liked my vines & ur not watching my youtube videos, u should. I work real hard on them & honestly, they're goo life hack I mean yeah of course I want kids but there's not a chance in hell im ever havin sex Me before coffee vs me after coffee One of my favorite things on twitter is when sexbots go crazy over the most boring tweets imaginable Good morning to everyone except people who live in time zones where it's like night time or something Is this a good vine It's that time of year again Wow, May 1st already. My new year's resolution is to stop forgetting that May isn't the first month of the year Poll This is a reminder that no matter how bad something you do is, you can always make yourself look worse by defending I'm surprised and disappointed that nobody gave me backlash for this comment Probably the best response to the weird thing that has been happening on Facebook for the past 3 days Matt is a nice young man with a good heart and the most beautiful fingernails Wow I didn't think these things actually worked Everyone loves the unicorn frappe until they actually taste it I made a Spotify playlist for my girlfriend :) It's 4/20 (April 20th) and we are in New York City. Come say hi! But then leave us the FRICK alone I guess all these people smoking weed today just want us to forget that 9/11 was on 4/20? But I'll never forgot Me, definitely understanding the meaning behind 4/20: can't wait to drink lots of milk today It's crazy how there's millions of songs about love but only one about calling a cab while he's having a smoke and she's taking a drag I made a video about one of the worst people on facebook, and in my honest opinion, it is very good: Why is this minion looking at me like he wants to fuck my dead grandma I can't believe it worked I'm just like nugget boy now incredible 13 reasons why I'm tired of hearing about this show Donald has had some ridiculous tweets but none more so than this Omg who made this?? The good news for is they probably never have to worry about over-booking a flight again Wyd after smoking this?? They should make another app to pair with the Vine Camera that has like a social media aspect to it, and they could call it the Vine app New video about relatable comedy RT for a chance to have some of your followers watch my YouTube video!! The most exciting birthday is 21 because it's divisible by 7 My clothes look like this so hers can look like this Yes, I have thousands of unread emails. No, I'm not going to waste my time trying to delete them all. So stop askin All my best features on display in this pic: -stylish -strong -knows how to read -allowed in CVS I paid my rent this morning but since it's April fool's day I'm afraid my landlord will think it was a joke and evict me Perks of dating me: I spent some time this morning asking the internet a bunch of questions I've had on my mind lately. Now to just wai When she says she only dates runners The Fantastic 4? How about just the Good 4? One of them literally turns into a rock I don't think there could ever be a tweet better than this one The reviews are in! Critics just can't get enough of my newest Meme they say a mans only as good as his tools Student athlete goes to the doctor But did YOUR gf run 32 miles to break up with you? I hope not :-/ My friends always joke that I'm only fun to be around for 6 seconds. It has nothing to do with vine they just don't like me very much 1 person followed and 20,000 people unfollowed me / / automatically checked using the BaZingDong app. Check your stats at BaZingDong.fart Feeling pretty good about my #MarchMadness bracket cop: know why i pulled u over? student athlete: was i grindingtoo hard? chasingto manydreams? cop: u were going 75 in a school zone If a selfie of Kim Kardashian can get millions of retweets, how many can this picture of our troops get? Sometimes I'll tweet 9 times in one day and then 0 times the next 4 days. Hehe I guess you could say I'm a lil quirky I'm so proud of my DVD collection&lt;3 There's a guy at this party doing vape tricks & I think he's trying to spell out a message with the smoke. Looks like he's saying oo The first word you see describes you. (Warning: you WILL get owned!) SO glad woman's day is over so we can go back to celebrating men and their huge dicks. Also when is white history month?? Does anyone know?? When all your friends are getting their tax returns but your jobs were 1099s so you actually owe the government lik when you've completely run out of top 10 lists to make what in hat Beauty and the Beast (2017) The girl from Harry Potter has sex with a moose (PG) zoom in on the dog's nose It's been my dream since I was a kid to make my own bingo board and, well, I did it. Cross out the things you've do What a night One time I held my breath for like a minute and a half, but no one wants to talk about that, they just want to talk about politics :-/ Did you know it's bullying when someone calls you a stupid ugly gay regard? Did you know? Did you know that's bully SMASH or PASS: Family Edition You vs the guy she told you not to worry about The Great Leader has spoken! We must do as He says. Need some fresh audio content to enjoy while trying to endure your insufferable workday? Look no further! Part 2: How normal couples share the bed vs how me and my gf do Humans have officially run out of new things to do Happy birthday, sex! Doing some very important research for a youtube video that will be up tomorrow. Stay tuned. I'm starting to regret signing up for this service That pit in your stomach you get when you send a risky text and they've read it but they're not responding&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; Hey everyone I decided that this is the new meme, please enjoy The fun thing about going to the DMV is you could literally shit your pants and you'd only be the 12th grossest person in the room These are all polls that Donald Trump has tweeted this week. I feel like they're gradually getting worse. This one for all my boys out there- how often do u sit down to pee? No jokers pls, I want real results There are countries where people spend an entire day trying to find one meal. Sometimes I pee sitting down so I can look at my phone more. Check out this podcast if you wanna listen to a genius (me) talk about some things (stuff). I'm re-inventing the wa My new YouTube banner. I hope I can deliver on my promise of 700 videos every week. Falcons are Hillary-ing this game so hard right now Leonardo DiCaprio has never won a super bowl The second annual posting of my annual #SuperBowl vine Kush so loud my girlfriend asked me to put on headphones This snap is TOO deep, I was not ready for this so early in the morning Good cop / Bad cop Really PayPal? It's gonna take me all DAY to enter this code! APPLE IS LYING TO US! I've uncovered the truth about the iPhone 7 Whoops: U.S. accidentally built 1,500 mile border wall vertically, will need another $20 billion to rotate 90 degre I'm trying so hard to stay relevant friend: hey did u still wanna hang out today? me: We are so gay for each other Sorry Christians, your God is *not* a cis white male like you think! She is a hyper-feminist, pansexual owlkin who HATES straight people Uhh. Not sure how I feel about trump's new cover photo.? Ugh, my boss just posted this pic on his snap story Kind of a weird way to tell me I work every day this week Hey, please don't try to have a conversation with me during: -uber ride -haircut -movie -tooth surgery -first date -fourth date MY LIFE HAS FALLEN APART SINCE VINE ENDED: A DOCUMENTARY (part 1) I hate to say it but I'm starting to think this trump guy isn't all he's cracked up to be Idiot uses cell phone to make dumb video about politics Today is the last day you can RT this Possibly the most ridiculous sentence I've ever read Incredible: this man can tell if he's wearing glasses or not without even opening his eyes I'm just happy vine won't have to live through a donald trump presidency Hey guys I made a compilation of all my best vines. Watch & share if you want. Or don't, I'm not in charge of you. A little bit of political humor to help cope with our depressing reality Wow, 2013 was 100 years ago. Feel old yet? me on facebook vs me on twitter yeah baby its friday the 13rd Morning coffee Such an emotional moment earlier today. I love this country but I don't always agree with its choices. You will be I know this might sound crazy to some of you but I feel like I have a few good points Oh yeah, things are looking up While everyone is mourning the end of the Obama era, I'm just excited for Trump's inauguration. I hear Jared from Subway is gonna be there Wow, looks like those Hollywood pranksters just struck again This must be a tribute to Vine as we enter its final when mattyb said: i call her classic, the kind of girl you take to the prom ain't got a bad reputation so i let he Cody is wrong. *suspense noise* Instagram comedy is the best. As someone who is cheated on constantly, I love that Sadly this dream never became a reality but and I still want to share our idea, because it's good. L One of the first vines I made It just seems like the scandals never stop with this guy What's ur favorite anime? If it is your dream to see completely ruin my life, then you'll probably want to watch this video: imagine - school and jacob is next to u in class... & he gets near to u and than whispers in ur ear ; drew what It's easy to focus on all the depressing & terrible things that happened in 2016, but it wasn't all bad! Here's a list of some positives: I hope everyone's Friday night is going as well as mine Thank God every restaurant in America has an iPad on it now. If my dumb stupid kids go 10 minutes without looking at a screen they'll die I think I made a new pal today :~) I for one thought 2016 was great. I didn't get electrocuted, I discovered Avril Lavigne, and I only had to buy like 6 toothbrushes this year 2016, you've outdone yourself this time This vine comment by beastmode5350 perfectly sums up the legacy I am hoping to leave behind Oh my god, the twitter needs to cool it with all these creepy ass pics. Rain drop Drop trop Why is everyone dying I'll never forget what I learned in the DARE program: Drugs A R E bad All I want for Christmas is a retweet from me: makes video complaining about gift cards also me: buys gift card for every member of my family because I don't know anything about them Omg ur glo-up I can't believe you used to have braces and now you don't Me: hey have you seen that meme that makes fun of how youtubers use fake/hyperbolic titles to get people to click o Make a coat The first person to receive a gift card probably didn't understand the point of a gift card Thanks to everyone who watched me on deal or no deal tonight :-) yes, I immediately sold my case for $6, but I was just happy to meet howie! Amanda and I made our first ever vlog on snapchat today Netflix recommendation: Bojack Horseman. It's on par with any comedy I've watched in the past few years. Gets funnier as it goes A few weeks ago I was high and I thought it would be funny to buy a popsocket with this blurry picture of a dog and Literally every time I go to Target I have to talk myself out of buying legos This man is so brave RT if you love Fridays! Youtuber who makes clickbait titles that entice no one relatable_laundry_meme.jpeg Bumper stickers are whatever you want them to be Your mcm takes screenshots when he sees a tweet with 4 RTs and 20 likes because he doesn't realize that that's actually a very common ratio If the first people on earth had yahoo answers For some reason I'm blanking Yo who's trying to turn up tonight You vs. the guy she told you not to worry about Wtf how is it December 7th already? I swear it was just Christmas like 3 years ago Well it took about 12 years but I have finally played every video game ever made and I'm here to tell you that the best one is wii sports Does it count as more likes if I smash/obliterate/have sex with it? The Love Hour: Relationship Advice From Two Certified Geniuses Me in 2006 vs me now Verified person in 2011: I am a world-famous movie star Verified person in 2016: I have an instagram When their profile pic is a group picture and you can't tell which one is them Has anyone seen my uber driver? He stopped to pee an hour ago and hasn't come back yet These options start to look more appealing every day Are you anticipating a gift/loan of exactly $5 cash? Finally, a comprehensive guide to help you through every step The new instagram update is clean af. That layout is If you think Trump isn't acting like a president , you must not remember when George Washington went on a twitter The new best thing on the internet 3 years is not enough time to justify everything that's happening here She knows me so well&lt;3&lt;3 I left my friends alone for 10 minutes and they destroyed my apartment Your real name: -First 2 letters of your first name -Rest of the letters in your first name -Your entire last name Share your results Fashion in the 1920s was so boring. Hey guys, ever heard of a color besides GREY? I've been having trouble keeping up with internet trends Absolutely heartbroken to wake up this morning to the news that Prince is still dead This meme is starting to get out of hand The worst characters on good tv shows: -Ann Perkins, Parks & Rec That's the whole list. Her character is confusing and pointless. Fight me. red wine or white whine Dandy Dan's Discount Emporium Black Friday Blowout Extravaganza! Happy Thanksgiving to all--even the haters and losers! Aw I just found out amanda and I have the same social security number talk about fate Hey pilot you landed the plane good thanks I hate clickbait this did NOT happen! just randomly came across this screenshot while watching sesame street, a lot of potential for some memes here Here's a quick summary of what happened this week between the cast of a musical and our future Vice President I just think it was weird that Hannah Montana died at the end of the movie The best musician on vine and now the best musician on twitter AT&T offered me $25,000 to do an instagram story for them and I said NO WAY, my instagram story is TOO IMPORTANT for me to taint with an ad! I like my car but this cup holder is wack some other white person: hey mike u need to turn the camera around mike pence: haha yeah *takes the picture anyway* Me: I'm not going to make one of those Kermit memes Also me: you just did bitch They say like father, like son . must be why Im still a virgin If anyone needs me I'll be spending the day at my nearest abandoned denny's, misspelling some graffiti I've never said anything as enthusiastically as youtubers say what's up guys! at the beginning of their videos What does it look like I do for a living? Uh, I think that might be the wrong picture I had no idea your iPhone will automatically make a montage of any photo album you have on your phone. This is a ga I found out you can go to great clips every day and they'll wash your hair for you, and it only costs $300 more a month than buying shampoo My cousin Glorp lives in the future and has an important message for everyone: OFFICIAL: President-elect Trump has chosen the members of his Cabinet: By far the worst problem with having a big booty The Republicans may have taken over the country, but they can't take away my Christmas tree! Turns out the rigged election Trump was talking about is the one in 2020, when he loses by a landslide to a dog and everyone is okay with it I supported Hillary Clinton because she wasn't Donald Trump. But god damn anyone else could have beaten Trump. Anybody. These results are starting to make me nervous Today is the day. Leonardo DiCaprio has never won a presidential election You already know your boy had to take a shot at the #MannequinChallenge Some pretty troubling poll results going into Election Day Can't wait to get an extra hour of sleep tonight! And tomorrow! And the next day! I can sleep in every day now that I'm #unemployed, baby!! Amazing: This man predicted the Cubs World Series win all the way back in 1945!! 1. Jaden 2. Jaden 3. The movie Shark Tale 4. Jaden I think amanda and I quote this vine more than any other Who is going to win the Big Baseball Battle Bowl best day of my life Piques explains where vine went wrong The best part of every holiday I finally made it on the news for being sad. My life goal is complete Why is it so hard to do anything I just got interviewed by and they wanted me to make a vine but this is all I could come up with I think this is my favorite vine that I've made Last April a girl commented on one of my vines. She lived 2000 miles away. Now we are engaged & live in the same ho when you realize your bully's moved on Donald Trump was a character created by Hillary Clinton's campaign to ensure that she would run for president uncontested ah, my two favorite genres of music: post-hardcore and progressive rock Here's a thread of my favorite vines: Trump just blamed Hillary for him not paying his taxes I wanted to like Gary Johnson, I really did. But the more I look into him, the more he just seems like a total goober. Recap of the two most important things I did this year Sax-ual harassment Can I be honest? I just don't think you're Danning enough. I think you need to when bae texts first This made me piss and shit all over My friend owes me $50 . I would like to pitch to you the slogan, Mike America Pence Again . It is very good. You can have it for $8 please dm me Me in 2006: my runescape character is me Me in 2016: why do I get anxiety when my phone rings Me in 2006: idk Me in 2016: get out of here Is that... the whole email This is one of the funniest videos I've ever watched Most people wouldn't know how to handle it if they became a meme. This guy seems like he's been waiting for this fo here's what the election would look like if u went to google US map but forgot what u were doing & searched for h Clearly Brad forgot to charge his vape battery but we don't have the heart to tell him I set up alerts for whenever I have less than $500,000 available and now I've been getting like 50 texts a day you should write a poem about how your license plate expired 3 months ago Anyone besides Hillary would be destroying Trump right now. Anyone besides Trump would be destroying Hillary right now. How did we get here I guess we all have to move on eventually Can't wait to get this #debate started! #politics #whitehouse a hat mystery Why does it look like a very small person is upside down in the back of this truck I wish I was alive in the 1970s so I could miss my iPad Cool guy with cool car gets even cooler Every time I want to get out of mowing the lawn I accidentally cut off one of my fingers so my mom will mow it for me. She's such an idiot Best midnight snack? Feels good to finally have all my apps organized REMEMBER, voting day for the general public is November 8th! However, if you are voting for Trump, it's not until the 12th. Spread the word! Best breakfast drink? it's october bitches Yeah football players make a ton of money (like $1000 I think), but they have to wear those uniforms everywhere they go. Not comfy Mark my words: newspapers are going to make the internet obsolete in the next 5 years Critics are raving about my deviated septum Leonardo DiCaprio has never won a debate :-( The only thing I need in a woman is for her to appreciate my brute strength, and of course, I'd like her to teach me how to use a can opener . you son of a bitch You vs the guy she told you not to worry about The Emmys? Big deal. If I wanted to see a bunch of millionaires in a room together I'd throw a party at my house One of my coworkers has these off-brand pop tarts & I don't think I've ever laughed so hard at a name Things that drive me crazy about millennials -lazy -entitled -selfish -always purring -I keep getting them confused with cats -poop in a box I turn 23 next month, which is 161 in dog years but only 11 in Betty White years She said even though it's been a few months she'll still follow through if I hit my goal. Let's make it happen Kind of a weird fact but apparently 100% of UTIs are caused by Burger King's whopperito I Hired A College Student To Delete All My Offensive Tweets And Instead He Just Tweeted The N-Word A Bunch Of Times; I Want My $40 Back! Still think being the president is easy? Look how much Obama has aged since 2008 Why is this. happening. It's so sad to see how much we've destroyed our planet Leonardo DiCaprio has never won a vma :-( Blair Witch (2016) Why won't anyone take a bite from MY warm quivering heart Today is #DisneyDay! I've got my #StarWars shirt on & I'm ready for some #fun! 1st stop, the world-famous Epcot ball If this isn't a true test of natural selection, I don't know what is Having a great time at Disney! This delicious Coca-Cola is almost distracting me from THE BIRD SHIT ON MY PANTS Dear diary, When you have to see bee movie RIGHT NOW but you couldn't possibly afford to spend $5 on it Oh hey, finding dory was even easier than I thought it would be Zero mutual friends Water cups keep getting smaller and smaller Wouldn't have expected that but I never doubt Target's recommendations when mom cookin that good good and u tryna catch a sniff Me when I'm pointing up: Me when I'm pointing down: Is it weird to personify your thoughts and feelings? Asking for an imaginary friend. Update #3 from our road trip across the country: This is a real restaurant and we love it thinking about really cool hats Have you ever peed in the shower? Guys RELAX. I'm only getting married so those mean vine commenters will stop calling me gay :-( When everyone is making fun of your new hand tattoo Why does she say it like that When North Korea declares war and it's up to you to save America I will be spending most of the day today sending an email to Mr. Donald Trump, congratulating him on having $100 This woman is in the middle of giving birth and she is asking a Facebook group to name her baby When your parents get in the car VS when your friends get in the car Some days I feel like I could sleep forever, other days Im too stressed about how many Ice Age movies there are to even think about sleeping Happy birthday Pee Boy! Keep making that Fresh Content If parody accounts profiting off 100% stolen content isn't criminally enforced in the next 5 years, I am quitting the internet.. very disappointed in recent changes you've made to the app. I am NOT paying $50 for a few Pokmon How My Social Anxiety Caused Me To Go 3 Years Without Getting A Haircut Accidentally caused a scene at whoever's funeral this was #PokemonGO They say a picture is worth 1000 words, but i guess this one of me holding a deodorant is only worth 1000 characters That video is one of the most horrific things I've ever seen What a relief! Happy new year!! 2 adults at a 4th of July party So you want to be a Content Creator, huh? Don't worry, anyone can do it. You just need to remember the ABCs: Pro tip: if u ever text something weird to ur gf, just say sorry wrong person & she'll let it go. Works every time Wow. How many 7-Elevens do you think there are? When your mom was supposed to pick you up 20 minutes ago I miss US! If a tree falls in the forest and no one is around to hear it, maybe it'll stop being such a drama queen who falls down for attention one of the most talented musicians on vine Not everyone can be one of the boys Haters will say it's photoshop We love to sweat Guys please come to my q&a on Saturday! I am fully expecting 3 people to be there so you can be the 4th Whoa! Jacob Sartorious is performing at Vidcon and his setlist just leaked!! I think the guy from blink-182 lost his dog I'm so excited for everyone to see what we made Praying I get scabies at vidcon this year Why are white people so strange? I will need years of therapy after #CampUnplug. On the Explore page + @ VidCon Thurs 6/23 Today Facebook reminded me that I posted this exactly 3 years ago. You cannot escape your past Brent Rivera looks like if the Ken doll was a teenager Happy Father's Day to the greatest dad of them all When God was inventing sex he was like oh ya drew is gonna be really good at this What's the latest you've ever stayed up? Congrats on the new modeling gig! Came home and my front door was wide open. Pretty sure someone broke in. Nothing was stolen but they left a message I was moments away from buying a car when I saw this old review of the dealership and everything changed When u talk to someone on xbox live for the first time When girls ask me for nudes Hey everyone. I wanted to announce that I am going to this year, if anyone wants to come smell me. Please come smell me. Thank you Thank you all so much for following me. I will let you know when it is time for my very first tweet, I went to bonefish grill for the first time and I'm not so sure I like it When u sleep for 12 hours but ur still tired Either the housekeeping lady STOLE ONE OF MY M&MS, or I miscounted. Either way I will see to it that she never works another day in her life Karl's monthly expenses: train tickets $100 cell phone $80 rent $0 cheese $675 I will do 4 things with you. That's just the kind of girlfriend I am If Florida really is the worst state then tell me how we rank #1 in alligator-related deaths EVERY YEAR? I was born in the wrong generation! I love this country My biggest comedic influences: -DaxFlame -Joe Biden -the band Korn -Liam Neeson -Jerry Purpdrank Bo Burnham is so incredibly funny and profound. If you liked his new special you should listen to this podcast: Insecure doctor Got rid of all the unimportant apps YouTube social experiments What parents of the signs need to understand BREAKING: Your 52-Year Old Coworker Doesn't Like Thing That's Different Than Thing Used To Be, Is Sure As Hell Going To Tell You About It Don't worry ladies, I think I just took care of sexism He was just joking :-( This song is killing me Anyway, a guy named PissLord 5000 commented why on 3 of my vines. That's a good question pisslord Ever since I turned off autocorrect my phone stopped capitalizing Internet and no one knows what Im talking about I have been in 19 car accidents and each time I've rear ended the same Ford Fiesta. It is very frustrating What I'm thinking on a first date: wow this is going really well! What she's thinking: how much longer is he going to talk about spy kids So blessed and excited to have been cast in the Sister, Sister movie! Tamara is back of course but I will be filling in for Tia, For me, there's no better feeling than being constantly tired all the time. That's why I choose Staying Up Late For No Reason I know that parody accounts just copy & paste all their jokes but he's not even waiting until the right time of year Best time of the week to fuckin party?? Smh @ all these so-called news reporters who write articles that are more than 5 paragraphs. Did you learn nothing in school? Embarrassing I've never had to have a job because you can see Tina Fey's credit card number in the American Express commercials Those bois I don't always agree with science but it's hard to argue with data like this! #90sKid Jeff, aka Mr. Unbelievable , the soon-to-be world famous street magician I tried to follow my dreams but they blocked me Never have regrets, because at one point everything you did was exactly what you wanted -me after every meal What's more important to you, sports or testicles? GET THAT LAMB OUT OF HERE It's 1996 What I think I look like as a mannequin vs. what I actually look like as a mannequin I think my favorite part of being an adult is knowing that I never have to go to prom again Wait. do lesbians still get periods? really makes you think The most unnecessary direction on a GPS Even God thinks christian rock is kinda shitty :-) Uh yeah it would lol we'd look exactly the same. Nice try dork In high school I always wished I had a twin who was a few years older than me so I could've used his ID to buy beer If deciding what you were going to say in real life took as long as it did in video games Every time I've ever been tagged in a picture on Facebook WHO DID THIS Man I just got roasted I played airport blackjack this morning. My goal was the banana of course but I lost and had to settle for water. We Asked 1000 Adults For Their Favorite Movie And They All Said Daddy Day Care This new prank show looks wild! I can't remember the last time I was this sad after watching something My ex girlfriend used to be CONVINCED that cops didn't know about 4/20. As if word hadn't made it to the police force about a weed holiday. When you're definitely buying a blunt to smoke tobacco and not anything illegal Wow! A professional artist just put together this rendering of the new $20 bill and it's beautiful! This is the most me thing I've ever seen Single and ready to Christian mingle I will never forget where I was on 7/11. More importantly, I will never forget what 7/11 is called. God bless America. Closed caption writer who lost all but one finger in a coyote accident, continues to try his best Ah shit I think my handkerchief was dirty When life is going great but then you remember Casey Anthony murdered her daughter and got away with it Something terrible has happened here. What's the longest you've ever worn a hat Bought my first motorcycle today I challenge you to name one thing wrong with my outfit On a scale of 1-4, who's trying to adopt me I don't get why one direction seems to think they can just throw around the n-word. I'll still listen to their music but be careful guys Lms if you've ever considered getting pregnant just so you could have a few weeks of paid maternity leave I bet parenting was so much easier like 30 years ago. You could tell your stupid kids anything and they'd have no reason not to believe you. When skate really is life like you physically can't get off your skateboard Why just the pilots? I think everybody on an airplane should have a gun. That way everyone can feel safe. Hey guys sorry I haven't made a vine in 3 weeks. My phone died When is the right age to get married Sex is about more than just two people trying to take up less space. It actually feels pretty good too THIS JUST IN: my coffee is already cold ;-( Only nerds watch Star Wars. I don't want to talk about Star Wars. I only like stuff made for big strong men, like trophies and volcanos. there's vomit on his sweater already, I know it's been a while but I still can't believe what happened with Jared the Subway guy. Dude lost like 100 pounds What's the sweatiest part of my body? Well that's easy. The Ass Dr. Phil looks more like a turtle every day And to think, someone is parading around this building with two left eyes and no one even knows. Trump: i will be king of the white people Bernie: i'm a 90-year old 22-year old Hillary: i'm a woman Ted: why doesn't anyone like me ;( Cool band names: Emergency Exit Fire Escape Does Anyone Else Smell Smoke? We Need to Evacuate Why Is No One Evacuating? Hello? Tit Party A lot of cars have rear-view cameras now, but shouldn't there be a front camera too? Girl thinks colorblind kid is just being socially progressive This box of towelettes is bumming me out Happy Easter. Here is a good song to listen to. What's the best name for a boy? It's easy to make vines with your girlfriend when she's this good of an actress! Jesus died for your sins so if you need to pee in public just do it Ratatouille is my favorite documentary Why do soda alway give me da burpys ;( The lights turned off while I was pooping but I'm hanging in there i'm trying to learn Today is Good Friday? Idk, I think all Fridays are pretty good #TGIF This sentence can start one of three ways Ugh Today I bought a vape. A few hours later I thought it broke so i made this. Turns out the battery died. Honestly the only people that matter to me anymore are my girlfriend, my dog, and 1997 John Stamos Get you a man who can do both Lms if you tryna get stung by a jellyfish this weekend Your mcm thinks frogs are little dinosaurs The only thing I want to do before I die is watch You Don't Mess With The Zohan in all 50 states Some good things to invest in: -paperweights -the FML iPhone app -dirt -hamsters -yellow skittles -trains -the statue of liberty -pants . has a cool new app ya gotta try it please I may be a mom but I'm still daddy af I love my new job FYI ladies. this is how a MAN gets sun burned Honestly, every day should be international woman's day :) Please RT this so I can get laid It's literally 4am somewhere in the world and I'm awake lmao I don't care If anyone wants a free bike, it's only a matter of time before these end up all over the road Remember when kingdom hearts 3 was like, about to come out? What happened to that. It's been 10 years. True love is giving your boyfriend a chunk of your hair I love comfort food. Pillows, turtlenecks, a large blanket with gravy. m, comfort food. Some days... You just gotta skate (Vine by akmaltajihan) Help a brotha out Good morning to you too, calculator&lt;3 I don't just want some girl that's obsessed with her makeup and fashion. Get me a girl with a pickup truck, and a mustache. Get me a boy Yesterday I went to the cactus museum We caught our first kiss on camera&lt;3 Get ready to have your mind blown My uber driver hasn't said a word in 15 minutes, so this couldn't be going any better. I do not want to talk about the weather Yeah, it really is. When you're trying to type no but you type mo instead My mom got a speeding ticket for going 69 in a 45. Please do not make any jokes about this. I don't even know why I'm telling you honestly Remember to set your clocks back 3 days tonight, so you can enjoy another weekend Sometimes I just think... why is things the way they are? :/ Hey is it bad that I'm sexually attracted to this character? Which one are you not going to vote for? Which one is going to get fewer votes? Last night I put my contacts in the case without any solution, because I am a genius my first cereal review: i GUESS you could call it cinnamon toast crunch, if it wasn't so soggy from all the milk. no thank you. It's 2014 and there still ain't a app that charges your phone smh Bae: Hey my dad is going to be at dinner tonight so make sure you dress to impress Me: That's not gonna be a problem Me: babe how did you forget to take your birth control! Me: *can't take antibiotics for 4 days without forgetting* Good cop / Bad cop My morning routine 7:15 wake up 7:16 brush my teeth 7:18 shower 7:26 get dressed 7:28 try to tie shoes 10:43 eat breakfast 10:44 go to work This is not just a random collection of bird shit; this was. *looks up at the sky with clenched fists* planned Haha someone tell the boys in green day that they can go back to sleep, we still got one more day this month! Today is Febuary 29th, a rare phenomenom that only happens every 100 years Hey i'm not an bitch If you like pretty ladies & good photography follow my girlfriend she is the best at stuff A Nice Sunday I live where you vacation (Vine by Lol @ Trump/Bernie/Hillary supporters. Jeb only dropped out because he knows he'll get more votes as a write-in. But enjoy ur little fantasy So which is it are you Victoria Gomez or are you Guarav Gawankar A day to celebrate Someone please fire the guy who comes up with these titles, or get him a thesaurus There is a moment during every nap where I wake up and think fuck it I'll just go all night . Even if it's like 4 pm I see this picture 3 times a day and I'm finally taking a stand Reheating pizza: A dream is born: dream dies: Is this a sign Ladies, your man deserves to be spoiled too every once in a while So much for being discreet! #relatable I can't believe how tall you have to be to play in the NBA. Some of these guys are like 6\\3 We don't own any content but DM for RT prices . So you're blatantly exploiting other people's content for money? If you guys need me I'll be rebelling against internet trends, for no reason other than to feel like I am different or better somehow Making sure I stay up to date on my justin._facts [it's 2032, and lip synching is the only Olympic sport] judge: it really looked like he was singing the song! judge 2: it certainly did, tom Everyone is lonely on valetimbes day and im over here with huge muscles & a 100 girlfreinds Two very average people fall in love on the first date Some romantic things to do on valentines day -text her -make some easy mac -ask if her uncle is still alive -apologize for crashing her car Not sure I buy this. This would imply that piques has had a girlfriend at some point, which completely defies logic. Not sure how I missed this. Daughtry, a band that has had 4 albums in 10 years, self-released a greatest hits album. #InternetGirlfriendDay When your family hides the mayonnaise from you but you find it anyway There's a new law today that if you have a Trump 2016 bumper sticker, anyone can come key your car and the police can't do anything about it Can anyone put stop signs on the sides of their car, or are those just for school buses? I've been thinking about getting a set for my civic I'll get in fights with strangers on the internet about grammar I don't care Yeah I'll support your weird fetish why not When she says she wants to 69 I respect the hell out of anyone who has a kid, because that means they've had sex, which is pretty dope You ever meet someone so perfect you're almost certain they're a figment of your imagination because no one could ever be that good Only 90s kids remember this Only 90s kids remember this [me, talking to a bird] Hey have you seen my dad anywhere No time to explain but long story short I had to fake my own death. If my mom asks, my funeral was very sad & Beyonc was there & she cried. Hey, you guys watch the big Super Game yesterday? I did, and I did it while drinking a Pebspi! #ad #pespi Let me know how the rest of the game goes, my night is taking a slight detour :-) Hey guys I hope you're watching the game, Coldplay was real real sick so they asked me to perform the halftime show. I will be dancing :-) Tinder profile: I love to fart and stink Recently homophobic I love to use teeth when I make out I have maxed out my Gap credit card Me when something good happens vs me when something bad happens vs me when something crazy happens *sleeps in* 11:21 am: Ah yes, a lazy day today. This is good. I deserve this. 11:24 am: I am a piece of shit Is the keyboard even on? [2010 or whatever] Apple employee: Hey what if the facetime ring was so annoying it hurt to listen to Apple executive: Yeah we should haha While & I wait for kickstarter to approve our campaign, please take a minute to check out our vid: *hears a bunch of people yelling outside* Oh they're probably just still excited about the pro bowl This is my best work Today I drove over a box of cigarettes. What have you done to make the world a better place? RT if you think guitar is an instrument, FAV if you think we're all going to die someday Today is my 1th birthday My head hurts soo bad but if I don't get these memes in by 5 my boss is gonna kill me :( Smart genius says smart thing You can buy the regular one for you, or the family size if you need 6 extra Oreos to satisfy the rest of your family Ahh, ground hogs day. 15 years ago today, ground hogs were invented. Please respect them I dare you to roast me Not thrilled about this science project but let's get this over with. How many times a day do you wash your hands? What's the most embarrassing thing I've ever done? Haha well I slept in my hoodie once :P I guess I don't really mess up that much haha When they don't answer your facetime and you have a whole minute to really examine what your face looks like Ayy girl what that spleen do haha. But seriously, what do spleens do? Can you explain to me what a spleen does Inspired by my very early flight to DC this morning The best part of the kanye fight was the very beginning, when he overreacted about someone vaguely using his wife's initials in a tweet I did mushrooms once a couple years ago and the best way to describe it is that it's like watching a Pepsi commercial Can't believe all it took was $17 to fill up my car. Clearly I don't have enough room in here if I can't fit more than 4 bills Only 90's kids remember this Based on real life Blowjobs are nice but sometimes all I really need is a hugjo Getting into the White House was easier than I thought When someone replies to the tweet you just deleted PSA: driving without tires is just as bad as driving drunk! Put tires on your car!! Best time of the day to shave? When ur whole outfit is on point When she seems cool but then you find out about her crazy side Is there anything worse than a noob? Only 90's kids will get this These photos were taken 12 seconds apart Smh that man is way too young to have a son Been looking up niche memes on Facebook again and I'm havin fun [spends 4 hours looking through old photos, posts one with caption: I used to have so much time on my hands ] Important question What if you could grow hair on other parts of your body and not just your feet What's better than the Being in charge of your own life! I'm living the dream every day I left this in my hotel room for the cleaning lady. Will update when I return When ur friend is 14 minutes late to your birthday dinner When u & ur girlfriend accidentally wear matching outfits from 2000 away like some kind of telepathic freaks I can't think of a job worse than the guy who has to look through the urinal camera and decide when to flush I've spent 9 days trying to open this can of soup and honestly I'm not even hungry anymore Clinton 2016? But he's already served two terms! I'm voting for George W. Bush this November, and you should too. #ad There's no WAY this could go wrong! I exclaimed, buying gas station taquitos for a 3 hour car ride Still can't believe I hit a Billion loops. Thank you for giving me a place to create. This notification always feels a little condescending People think I'm a dad because of my Baby On Board bumper sticker but actually my girlfriend bought it after I bit my tongue so hard I cried Important question President Obama Wins Powerball, Reminds Nation He Is In Charge You can find a youtube tutorial about anything Guys! Girls don't want pictures of your dick! They want pictures of your heart&lt;3 Ah, nothing like deleting a tweet because of a typo, then deleting it again because of quality No I didn't make dean's list, but I did make my friend kyle's list of nice young men who try their best Man Hears About Star Wars For The First Time After Seeing Stormtrooper On Bag Of Doritos Crazy to think that just a few years ago I was 16 years old, and now I'm almost 17 When u like the bobs One time I spent $5400 on amazon. I don't remember what I bought, I accidentally put the wrong address so I never got any of the stuff. I think your pinned tweet and your bio should be the same thing Me too, Franklin Nothing gets my day going faster than a big heaping bag of panda express Lms if you've ever have drove a car I'm always down for canceling plans Omg I just read 1984 for the first time. Some of the stuff they used to do was crazy. So glad I wasn't born until the 90s Interesting *checks tweet activity 14 seconds after posting tweet* Here's to those that didn't make it to 2016: Leonard Nimoy Stuart Scott Trayvon Martin Michael Jackson Dr. Dolittle Abraham Lincoln Frankie Muniz never grew up, he just grew mustache Hot coffee: this is good Iced coffee: this is great! Any temperature in between: this is the most disgusting thing I've ever put in my mouth Fuck I shouldn't have saved this picture 5 times I lost 3 followers when I tweeted this but I think it's so funny I haven't showered since this morning! New year new me Isn't it weird that the new year is seen as like a fresh new chapter in our lives & yet everyone chooses to start the day wildly hungover Ya know one of these days that big ball is going to break and we're going to be stuck in whatever year it is. Don't say I didn't warn you Best movies of 2015 1. Spy Kids 2. Spy Kids 2 3. Spy Kids 3-D I didn't say movies that came out in 2015. They're the best movies every year Gonna go crazy tonight! I've got a TON of emails I need to mark as read and this cannot wait another minute Describe your 2015 using 10 emojis. I'll start: Happy on-time birthday Today is your birthday, and I'm right on time addressing this. It's your birthday today Please no, don't do that. Don't do any of that If you guys like being uncomfortable watch this guy serenade his girlfriend How To Cure Depression With Just 5 Easy Prescription Drugs You Have To Take Every Day Forever Sorry I'm two hours late for work, I was really determined to finish my dream that didn't make sense and I can't remember a single detail of I haven't taken a shower since last year! Uh. Maybe next time I tried to rent a game from and I got a piece of paper What's the best thing to cook in a George Foreman grill? Amanda makes Facebook events for our dates Why can't I find a girl with lips like these? Amanda & I are finally seeing Jar Jar 7: The Binks Are Back In Town. Also in this picture: $70 worth of concessions Merry cheeseballs Christmas Eve at universal studios baby! It's 82 degrees. Sweaty update pics to come Lunch special wow only I am the king of memes That's more like it Near the end he randomly throws in I love basketball, & you . I am laughing so hard. What a stupid thing to say Alcohol has taught me that nobody cares what you do. Weed taught me that everyone is paying attention to you all the time I hate this so much. I know this is targeted at teenagers but get a fucking life outside of your relationship my god FYI, my birthday IS on my profile, but only I can see it. I don't need a bunch of randoms knowing my birthday I have 150$ in my pocket someone please be my friebd I'm not usually one to bring up race but how did we let youtube become dominated by quiet british boys Due to a horrible accident I have been left with toasters for hands and I am ready to mingle I've had 3 botched lasik surgeries and I'm ready to mingle I'm not hardcore? Please, if you only knew how many hollywood undead concerts I've been to When u stressed about bein pres but u remember u only got 1 more year & michelle said she makin pizza rolls 4 dinner I will immediately scroll past any vine or tweet that has the word vape in it My girlfriend is such a hunk FUCK I just spent 4 hours waiting for my bagel and the toaster wasn't even plugged in. I hate Mondays Just because you did something once, doesn't mean it's always that way forever. You still have to brush your teeth every day I can't believe it's 2015 and I still don't know how I want to finish this tweet Ever listened to basketball on the radio? Just a bunch of names and verbs . sent me a very cool Christmas card despite the fact that she is famously anti-Christmas I've never understood why people advertise their vines when they only have 1 or 2. That's like buying a billboard before inventing a product I've only done dollar shave club for three months how do I already have 900 blades S(he's) (potato) salad Don't worry guys you still have plenty of time to make sure your Facebook friends think you're an idiot Ah, 2:52am. My favorite time to post a tweet for 3 minutes and then delete it. Ive dropped out of college twice That's my kinda lunch Why does this always happen when I go to McDonalds? It's Saturday! You know what that means. I've spent my entire life trying to put myself in situations where I'm least likely to get pantsed. So far so good. Haven't said anything political in a while but this one drives me crazy. It's 2015, people! Airbags should be activated by pressing a button Everyone please stop questioning my manhood. I just had 75% of a burrito and my tummy barely even hurts Everyone HAS to get this new iphone update Where do we draw the line The ONLY time it's okay to hit a woman is if she be actin crazy lmao You ever think about how Santa got that job with no college degree smh he obviously giving toys to someone under the table If I was in Germany in the 1940s I would have definitely killed Hitler, using the assassination skills I learned from growing up on a farm. When ur in an adult relationship I'm getting my tires re-torqued at costco which means I have 15-20 minutes to walk around costco Can we please get serious just for a second? Please. Thank you. I just wanted to tell you my new nickname is Drewnicorn The only kind of cheese I like is powdered. That's the only way to eat cheese in my opinion. Feels like dirt but taste like cheese Now I'm not saying I'm choking but I am saying gghkchlghkckgh The best compliment you could give me is telling me I'm random xD 5 gum is named after Maroon 5, an early 2000s rock band There are too many people My uber driver offered me candy and then spent the entire ride whistling to Christmas music. I wish I could have spent all day with this guy Hello backwards is olleh , which doesn't mean anything but I still tweeted this Get it together, I asked for one 5-layer burrito and you gave me five 1-layer burritos. Is that mustard?? I have never been to the zoo Last Christmas, I gave you my fart. The very next fart, you farted a fart. This fart, to fart fart fart fart, I'll fart fart fart fart f It's definitely the cheek bones I went to get a new car battery and my mechanic replaced my rear view mirror with wendy's coupons. Is this normal? Why does everyone on a motorcycle always look so angry? What's your favorite baja men song? Mine is who let the dogs out Alright guys no more questions I can't type anymore hope I helped change some lives tonight If anyone needs any advice/motivation or wants to mail me balloons just shoot me a message I'll be here all night! I don't recognize any of these losers. Where is gibby? Sushi date! Tbh I love Legos You ever think about how your body is just like a giant hair factory Dandy Dan's Discount Emporium Black Friday Blowout Extravaganza I'm so thankful I could eat a horse *posts thanksgiving dinner on instagram* *gets own reality show on food network* When you've had three plates of food already but you still have to make room for dessert I may be drunk but I'm definitely drunk Amanda and I are going to start buying baby clothes just in case we ever. you know. start aging backwards I don't have a problem blatantly picking my nose in public but I will get so self conscious If I think someone can see what I'm tweeting This is the only Facebook notification I've gotten this week It's actually a lot harder to sit half-assed than to sit normally. Just one of life's contradictions I guess It's always 4:20 somewhere! - guy who doesn't really understand how time zones work, hitting a bong at 11am I'll talk to you guys in a few days, I've got a ton of videos to catch up on 1-800-dog-poop Sometimes I buy a ticket for a flight I'm not going to get on, just to have free reign of the airport food court Someone should make a vine about wet socks I'm starting Terry Bradshaw and disgraced former president Richard Nixon this week! Who's on your team? #ad the ultimate victory I get to see her in 3 days Halfway between asleep and a cake I'm trying so hard self-taught astrophysicist, chronic bed-wetter At least he's not DailyChris Love is when you look at someone and are pretty sure you could tolerate them for a few more months Don't tell me I haven't had authentic mexican food. I've been to mexico, and let me tell you, their taco bells are not any better than ours Here's pics of a studio I helped install in Orlando. The last one is me taking a nap behind the set during rehearsal Every time I walk through a feminine care aisle I am so grateful to have been born a boy Can I get a straw for my bottled water? I am an idiot and can't seem to figure this thing out What is your ideal date? I know a lot about cars. Like what they are, and what they look like Want to shed a couple pounds this fall? Try quitting your job! A great way to lose weight is to not be able to afford food. One time I saw a statue with nipples and I've been turned on ever since The secret to chopsticks is to hold one in each hand They Got His Old Fat Surgically Inserted Into Their Bodies!! I'm glad I got this coffee this morning so I wouldn't do anything stupid, like immediately spill coffee on my shirt If I make a Facebook event for it will you guys come help me take out my trash I can't believe no one has thought to make a vine like that! It's not just a phase , grandpa It's been 3 days and still no response If anyone tried to buy a bumper sticker recently and they were sold out, it's because this guy has all of them I like to think that Paris Hilton woke up this morning and was honored to have so many people praying for her Good thing I have this game about the end of the world, to distract me from thoughts about the end of the world Jesus honestly man life is way too short to obsess over what someone else is doing boss: ok but this is the third time you've been late this week The fact that Orlando mayor candidate Buddy Dyer isn't using Orlando is in Dyer need of a Buddy as his campaign slogan, makes me sick Just a minute too late When they forget to charge you for guac This should be good Hm should I go grocery shopping for the first time since moving into my apartment or have chipotle for the fourth day in a row 12 Models Who Got Fired For Being TOO Sexy And Big Titties How am I supposed to bulk up if I'm not even strong enough to open my protein shakes :-( It's 2013: netflix and chill 2014: theodore roosevelt 2015: french toast Well that's a personal record Girls think all guys are the same Why doesn't the tweet activity show when someone unfollowed you because of a tweet? That's what I really wanna know You know when you're looking for your phone but it's already in your hand haha anyway I just wanted to let you guys know I have tuberculosis If this guy can't handle 6 hours of sleep then I am worried for his future Honestly Taco Bell nailed it with this color scheme People say Im too responsive to criticism . Hm. I wonder what else they're saying about me I think New Hampshire is the state I forget about the most Kylie Jenner is super hot for her age. I mean I'm not normally into cougars but she's done everything she can to make her face look younger I'm lovin my new dresser! Of course bro! What is one song you'll never get tired of? I decided to turn the tables on and steal one of his jokes to see how HE likes it I can range anywhere from a 4 to a 9 depending on the angle you're looking from and how much of my body I'm covering up We all have that one pair of pants that will always smell like Popeyes because we worked at Popeyes for 8 months I love to wtach all the football games on Sunday, I love sports and I like football People are not actors. Dogs are actors. All movies should be played by dogs. Let me make one thing clear; I am a BOY's medium, NOT a men's The best part about November is that we're only a week away from Christmas Can you believe I've never had an abortion Instead of 4 tires, why not just put one right in the middle? Smh I swear people don't use their brains these days I was spray painting something at work and I accidentally made this face and it was like looking in the mirror I'm into really specific genres of music, like anti-religious post-hardcore songs, and florida georgia line Call of duty is like that guy who was kind of cool in 7th grade, alright in 8th, but now he's boring and no one really pays attention to him I could watch it forever Girls love to be called: Hottie A solid 7 Kind of a bitch Crybaby Suckmaster DJ Titties Amanda and I are having a baby so we can practice taking care of something before we get a dog I like this My two coworkers are seriously bonding over how good the live action scooby doo movie was. One of them got goosebumps thinking about it Do you like me? I think we can all agree that it's time to #GiveCopsMoreGuns Wow, this episode of My Strange Addiction looks intense! Thank god for daylight savings. I would be so confused and disoriented if the sun went down at the same time all year. How to get free stuff 1. Be cool 2. Borrow something from friend 3. Start acting fucking weird 4. Friend won't bother asking for thing back So I found out yesterday that school still happens even when you're not going anymore. Isn't that weird? I figured they'd just stop The only thing longer than a year is a lightyear, which is 45 years She wears short skirts I wear t-shirts, she lives in canada and I miss my grandpa Remember to change your clocks back again tonight, and every night for the rest of the month What do I like about Halloween? Good luck arresting me tonight, for I too am dressed as a cop. Don't think that counts? Ask my brother, the one wearing the lawyer costume Happy Halloween everyone! Be honest guys You idiots didn't stand a chance on this one Are all prescription drug commercials made by the same company? I'm pretty sure they are all the same :-( Sure, people see my vines, but they never get to see the REAL me. The guy who's perfect. The guy who's never made a mistake. Who is this targeted at? Who does this? Dyslexic guy makes what he thinks is the perfect vine I've never had sex and quite frankly, I don't want to When you get a girl that just understands It's my birthday I think we could all learn something from this guy Halloween is over, guys. Deal with it. Call me old-fashioned but I only use the original emojis 11 Reasons Why Most Internet Articles Are In List Format Music legend Bob Marley turns 105 today. Wow! So we here at Drew Gooden compiled our top 10 of Marley's best songs Today is Bring Your Dad to Work Day! Get that dad off the couch and give him a tour of the place you dread going to Looks like the cat is out of the bag lmao RT if u get it A penny saved is a penny urned. Put all your pennies in urns. Move over, grandpa! Tips for starting a new job: -constantly ask your boss what his name is -persistently stare at co-workers -change your shirt every two hours These are all pretty solid actually When a vine comment almost bothers you, and then it doesn't Is it just me or has there been a day that's relevant to back to the future like every 3 months One of my co-workers has half a bottle of smirnoff in his bag of tools. He's 55. Grand Theft Auto is great because I can do things I'd be way too afraid to do in real life. Like going outside, or having a conversation Um, Obama can't be re-elected again Amanda. Plus George Bush is gonna win anyway Father/son NOT A LIFE SAVING DEVICE Absolute gold Being a garbage man kinda sucks because of all the stinky garbage but it's pretty cool that they only have to work one day a week Almost had it, Josh! I changed my name to Boo Gooden for a few minutes but it was too scary so I changed it back I'm working at a news studio in Tampa and these awards are hilarious I worked at a snow cone shop for almost 3 years and I still have nightmares about it Everyone is giving me shit for not watching the debate. I DON't NEED TO WATCH THE DEBATE. I AM VOTING FOR GEORGE BUSH. STOP E-MAILING ME. Seeing a lot of signs out here that say road work , which is good. I'd be worried if it didn't. Wow I miss her already I am a proud floridian I've never seen boobs but I hope that one day I can I was looking for restaurants in St. Petersburg and this one really stood out If you wake up at 11:11 you get a million dollars deposited in your checking account, but it's very rare When u buy ur gf chipotle from 2000 miles away I wanna buy a new laptop today and I'm thinking of getting one of those 2-in-1s that you flip & it's a tablet. Anyone have a recommendation? angry guy Sometimes I wish vine didn't exist just so Logan Paul would have to work at like Burger King I've been gone for 3 weeks and I come back & my brother has been using 4 rolls of toilet paper My plane just landed & I forgot to take a pic of the clouds! I would've been the first person to do that. They could've used it for science Life got you down? Try some of my life hacks! My mom sent me this The guy who does closed captioning for spelling bees has to be just as good of a speller as the kids How many more hurricanes is it going to take before we #BuildAWallAroundTheOcean once and for all! Alternate universe where children are taught that cleaning is bad Doesn't take a genius to know that cars are made entirely out of wood Does Dr. Oz wear scrubs on his show to prove that he's a doctor? Or did he like, just get back from doing surgery Yesterday is history Tomorrow is a mystery Today is a gift That's why they call it wednesday You know if you just gave him the chance, I bet some old white guy could be a really good president What's that show called? Hahaha what the hell Ever since I was 5 my dream has been to get a million followers on vine so I could collab with lele pons One of the most mature and self-aware comments I've ever seen Overwhelmed facebook employee whose job it is to find all the accounts that posted this status Job interview It only took one day for me to fall in love with Alabama! Party in my hotel room tonight! Cool people only, please FanDuel If god is watching u all the time then he's a perv lol I'm trying to take a shower can u chill This is my new favorite picture of me and Bill Clinton and I have boner Especially for you Today is national kiss a smoker day. Find someone who's smoking a cigarette and replace that cig with your sweet little lips Wat do u mean ? I wish my parents had forced me to learn a skill instead of letting me fuck around so much. I could have been so good at the trombone by now Just one of the many times where 10 seconds wasn't long enough for my girlfriend Barack and Michelle treat Pope to 2 for 1 shots at Club Bonkers. Francis gets alcohol poisoning but says he has no regrets, party was dope We Sent A Photographer Underwater, But He Drowned, So Here Are 10 Pictures Of Baby Horses I know just the place. New York's hottest club is *dial-up tone plays for full 30 seconds* Advice to kids: keep your accounts private! Never accept follow requests from ANYONE, & go ahead and just delete your account I just spilled most of my coffee on my hand and I gotta say, way more effective at waking me up than drinking it would've been I appreciate the sentiment of having a school for the deaf, but are we really funding a school that's supposed to teach kids how to hear? #OneLetterOffSongs Over Troubled Wafer A deleted scene from The Fault In Our Stars You guys ever notice how the drivers in your state are worse than drivers in other states? Drivers in other states are good, and smart. If I ever get elected president the headline will be Out With The Old, In With The Drew . That's all I wanted to say. Thanks guys. Can't wait for the new season of Survivor: Some Of These People Have Been On The Show Before, But Some Of Them Haven't Seriously? An app? This is ridiculous and I can't believe this is real. Whales are in the ocean not the sky. yeehaw My 55-year old co-worker: I'm 55 years old and I'm your co-worker Me: I already told them that People who like Donald Trump tend to also like: Taco Bell breakfast Allergies Getting punched Being dirty Public bathrooms Cars 2 [watching any show on cbs] well this is stupid This is going to save me so much time The most influential invention of the 2000s is definitely the bow and arrow because it's really good and it's the best weapon Is there a thing that's like prostitution but for tickling? Could really use a tickle right now I'm starting to think y2k's not gonna happen This is what I imagine clubs are like I was looking up sad music and had no idea how great the comments were going to be Sometimes I wish sex wasn't so long for me and good. I don't have time to count all my money if I'm always fucking for 3 hours non-stop. On a show called The View, everyone else seems a little under-qualified next to Raven My day so far I feel like this is a pretty blatant diss towards msn We get it, painters, you paint. You don't need to wear all white all the time to prove that your job is messy. Nobody likes a show-off I wasn't sure about coming to Milwaukee but the sun knows what's up Guy who hates germs and also thinks everyone is an idiot Yeah I guess that's pretty funny Tip for new viners: if you don't totally obliterate your captions with hashtags, no one will ever see your vines. That's just how it works Heat is caused by friction. The Sun is wearing a very tight pair of pants, resulting in constant and extreme chafing. *calls travel agent* yeah you gotta get me the fuck out of here When u bust a nut but you keep jerkin it Right now, thousands of people are dying. Hundreds of people are losing their jobs. One guy just got his dick stuck in a toaster Mime: Me: wow that's really good When I die bury me upside down with my bottom half still sticking out so people can come by and tickle my little feet Nothing says that you don't give a fuck like buying something to put on your car that says you don't give a fuck 99% of people are represented in this statistic Movie fact: The entire scooby doo 2 movie was improvised; there was no script at any point. All the actors were executed post-production Without a doubt doggy style is my favorite. No one wants to give those pups any credit but their sense of fashion is magnificent Hard to believe Jimmy Fallon is almost 90 years old Crazy to think they did all of this on microsoft paint! When the king forgot to wear deodorant but you can't say anything because he's the king Madonna and child and adult boy Whoa apparently in some states jaywalking can land you up to 5 years of not giving a shit lmao Trying to smuggle that good good thru airport security today Here is a video that I can't take credit for writing or editing but I'm in it so check it out if you want In sixth grade I taught my friend how to fart quietly and he'd bring up like every day for weeks how thankful he was what's up idiots smh white people be saying all asians look alike... yet all these white people look exactly the same Whenever my co-workers take smoke breaks I just stay inside and fart for 5 minutes Can you guys please try to be more sensitive about Godzilla? That was like their 9/11 Guys, relax about Donald Trump being president, there's no way he beats Obama Fixed it! I'm not normally a superstitious person but I just walked under a ladder and Donald Trump is still running for president Just a head's up my name isn't Drew anymore it's Lightning Bolt thanks Looks like i can check have a threesome with twins off the bucket list I cherish this girl and I think it's so funny that this is how we met +Tastes good +Cool design +You get to look at shaq while u drink it -I am still depressed I give it 7 out of 10 balls Alright well I've had 3 beers now so it looks like I'm Ready To Tweet I love jokes especially good ones Mike's Super Short Show? More like Mike's Super Short Career lol what happened to that guy Wow, have you guys seen these pics from the mars rover? Technology is amazing First date ideas: Eat 3 large pizzas Get stuck in a revolving door Audition for top chef Honor memory of Brittany Murphy (RIP Brittany ) Relax Christine The internet is full of comments here are some good ones Hm I don't wanna manually type in :15, I'll just hit the 1 minute button & wait [immediately forgets plan, glass of milk catches on fire] Ugh, I HATE dealing with the tsa Don't worry squareready. You may be obsolete now, but at least I'm not clever enough to think of the second half of this joke If you guys have any complaints about my tweets just shoot me an email. We can work to get it resolved. Plus-size mobile fashion boutique , aka the world's most specific business The g-force on this flight was worse than usual. Idk maybe I've just seen this movie too many times, usually these gerbils be cracking me up We get it pilot, you're really good. You don't need to keep doing all these flips just to show off. We haven't even left the ground yet. If you need me I'll be combing my hair hey guys, just a heads up, looks like Vanessa is down this week so everyone be careful with your investments Be honest guys do I look like a flute I made this for a guy I used to work with at wendy's If I saw this for the first time it would take me until the last line to realize what song this is I've only ever posted one status on fb, I just keep editing it to say different things. My goal is to get every one of my friends to like it Yes actually horoscope Susan Boyle shocked the world when she proved that ugly people can be good at something. We couldn't believe it! What a good story. My girlfriend and I drove to Sedona last week and it was the good stuff I'm so pumped for the Susan Boyle/Chingy concert tonight Anyone got any good movie recommendations? Looking for a good riches to rags story. Trying to get demotivated and sad I'm about to make a decision I'm going to regret forever I love how this guy uses his vines to promote his vines I think what I hate the most about all the pop viners is that their vines ALWAYS have a fucking in the title. Relax. You're not that funny Radio DJ: You're listening to 60 minutes of commercial-free music! [reads 3 ads in a row, as if that doesn't count as a commercial] when u lied and you don't wanna get caught This vine has more likes than 90% of my actual vines & everyday I regret putting it on my side account When u get to the gym & realize u forgot your headphones So what about like a reality show for the emojis I like my women like I like my coffee; I like them to be coffee. I am sexually attracted to coffee. You ever see someone who looks exactly like someone else and think yeah that makes sense I guess there's only so many combinations for faces Porn versions of movies that would have the same name as the movie it's a parody of: Snakes on a Plane Rambo Feel free to add to this list Here I thought I was special. but I guess you just say that to everyone The safest time to drive is actually while it's raining, because you need water to breathe EDIT: this only applies to you if you are a fish I've always wondered I just spent a dollar on a game to play on my flight & I'm now realizing that its not going to finish downloading before the plane takes off I hope everyone is having a good night My mood ring is always red because I'm constantly pissed that I spent $15 on a mood ring Who's your queen, Beyonc or lady gaga? -a serious question asked by my girlfriend Why does this keep happening?? I'm going to start a twitter account called Porn Porn and it'll just be regular porn but like close-up and HD It's kind of a pain having to move my engine back and forth between my car and my toilet but I really can't afford two engines right now Helicopter Tracks Down Area Man Quietly Smoking Joint By Himself We're just happy we got our man, boasts the captain of the police force. What are the odds that the three most different comments on the same video would be right next to each other They probably could have just stopped at 6 Everyone says 2:30 is the best time to go to the dentist but I feel like he'd be tired if he just got back from lunch. I'd aim for like 9:45 Um, shouldn't they have called it Mission Possible? I mean he ended up doing the mission, soo. idk seems like an oversight to me Today is my last day at Popeyes, which means I will never again have to yell hot biscuits! unless it's an emergency. People love twins. This is the secret to branding yourself; pretend to be your own twin. You will double your net worth I've spent some time crunching the numbers and by the looks of it the square root of you and I hanging out would be a lot of fun. Hey whoever is spreading the rumor that I've only kissed one time in my life and I was bad at it, can you stop?? Please! It's not true! That's Tom Me: Fine, I'll vote for you. But when you're president I'm going to call you Queen Donald D. Trump: noo please don't! Me: haha too late They just so funny A few things about me? Well I love to chill but prefer to hang, I've always identified most with my uncle, and I'm really good at fingering Zoning out A lot of good points being made here I've always dreamt of being a jester back in medieval times, and getting beheaded for disappointing the king. It's my number one fantasy. *cracks knuckles* No one talks about my sister like that! *takes out phone* Siri, play songs by Yellowcard *ends up winning fight by a lot* This is so dumb Damn how does this guy find all these Rare vines? He must be digging pretty deep Another long day ahead of me at the meme factory. Sometimes I wonder if memes was the way to go. Wisdom teeth It makes sense that most gyms leave out increases chances of contracting scabies on the list of membership benefits bc that's actually bad Some very rare footage of rock icons Nickelback coming up with their name in 1995 I've had my car for 9 years & it's never needed any maintenance! Which is good because it broke down it 2010 so I can't drive it to the shop My mom's always favored my sister because she hasn't gone to jail and takes showers . Well I've got news for you mom; that's nepotism. I am not a viner just because I make vines. I am first and foremost a crew member at Popeyes. It is my truest and purest love. Don't worry guys, I figured out what I'm going to do today Election Day 2016: An American Hero Returns my tinder profile: -I love to fart & smell bad -fluent in pooping (i've also somehow attached an audio file that is a compilation of burps) [sees girl has her dog on a leash] I should get 1 of those for my girlfriend! [she says nothing, I assume she didn't hear me] I should ge I think this is my favorite comment ever Pep talk Everyone please join me on my fight to #BanTheMaleNipple. It is gross to look at and doesn't serve a purpose. DM me cash to help the cause. Okay, I'm intrigued Um, my private parts are private for a reason, no you can NOT request to follow them When you forget the most important day of the year Sold! Smartass literally translates to smart ass , which means you're an ass but you're smart about it (tweet doesn't have any favorites after 12 seconds) Fuck I knew that was dumb When I say netflix & chill, it doesn't mean let's fuck. It means come over, & help me figure out if my dad is actually asleep or just faking Never mind Objects in mirror are somewhere behind you Haha the minions hate when this happens Dude I just thought of the funniest thing You should put it on a pic of a minion This is why we're best friends Kids are so expensive. Diapers, toys, clothes, having to pay a private detective to find them every time they go missing, food It seems like ABC is starting to run out of guys to use for the Bachelor hell yeah Put your water where it belongs I actually think Donald Trump would make a great president. of the idiot club lmao I think a funny thing to say would be like Harry Pooper instead of Harry Potter. Hahaha. How funny would it be if someone said that Im what you might call an extreme couponer . I have the groupon app on my phone and will occasionally check it Argument To do list: Comb hair Publicly rant about sucking dicks Get a DUI If you wouldn't suck a dick for a million dollars, you are either stupid or you already have a million dollars FUN FACT: ever wonder why leaves are green? Well maybe you should have paid attention in school, asshole. Cleanliness is very important to me. I wake up every two hours to make my bed. My favorite thing about living in Orlando is getting to go to Disney every weekend with my best friends Donald Duck & Pinnocchio GF: come over Me: I can't I'm at the gym GF: I have memes Me: I'm loving my new selfie stick! I feel like I missed my calling as a Meme Creator. I coulda made the best memes. Drugs? Don't need em. My drugs are sobriety, hard work, meditation. Also pushing on my eyes really hard so I can't see for a few seconds When you're seeing your girlfriend for the first time in 7 weeks *waits until after you've given them their food* hey is it too late to ask for no pickles Bing If everyone on vine blocked she'd have no vines because she wouldn't be able to come up with any ideas I liked mine better Discrimination happens everywhere Is there any hope for this country I went up to the lady at Taco Bell & made a funny farting noise with my mouth. She laughed so hard & asked to be my girlfriend. I said no. How the fuck are these guys on everything Not today, scum, I whisper as my 2012 honda civic ascends into orbit, en route to the moon, far out of reach of this cop's jurisdiction Do NOT talk to me before I have my morning baconator [writing movie about 2017] ME: wow, the graphics on this PS8 are amazing ROBOT GIRLFRIEND: please, let me get back to pleasing you sexually. I am not a hero. I'm just a man seeking justice. Someone told me to tweet about Napoleon Dynamite, but how do u expect me to focus on that, when a GROUP OF SQUIDS ISN't EVEN CALLED A SQUAD Hey, laxatives are pretty weird right? Talk about a party pooper lmao. Also a group of squids should be called a squad imo. Hey, squids are pretty weird right? It's like, make up your mind, are you an octopus or a fish? Lmao also they should be called a squad imo Hey guys, I wanna make a new tweet so leave some ideas in the comments below! What do you want me to tweet about? [desperately looking through old notes for tweet ideas] Oh here's one Can you guys believe it's already 2013? I'm in [looking out the window] billboard? More like Bill BORED. No one forced you to come on this road trip, Bill Jimmy the 16-year old comedian discovers that audiences have raised their standards I am a marketing genius. RT for Meitnerium, FAV for Darmstadtium! Sext: I can't wait to show you some of the improvements I've made to my penis Had a very productive writing day today Growing up I always wanted to be Spiderman. There was just something so cool about getting bit by a spider idk I saw this article about how burgers are the most dangerous food to eat while driving. Weird. I would have guessed like a bomb or something. Sometimes when someone takes a panoramic of you your body gets distorted a little bit & you look like a cartoon alien Some things aren't meant to be You can save $600 every year if you stop paying someone $50/month to follow you around & tie your shoes. It's not that hard to learn I regret at least half of my meals immediately after eating them. There is no way I could ever get a tattoo. I feel lied to Sometimes I think I'm missing out by never going on twitter. But then I remember that I have a life & facebook isnt gonna scroll thru itself I recorded this with some pals and i think it is very funny. You will either enjoy it or not: The best thing about not having any friends is you never have to vacuum the backseat of your car Chapter 37: Finding the Laundry Detergent That's Right For You Today was the best day of my life I love the noise that sound makes All day I told myself I was going to go to the gym after work and as soon as I got home I ate a bag of m&ms and fell asleep in my uniform Some of my favorite workouts: leg stands, push-outs, circle runs, sitting cranks, 360 stand-stills, pick-it-ups, sweaties, butt curls I've only got two moods: hungry & sarcasm Hey idiots, if you were really a fan of soccer you wouldn't call it soccer lol. You think they call it that in Spain? No. It's el soccer If you ain't talking mashed potatoes I don't wanna talk hahaha -guy who's worked at KFC for 23 years and is like 2 days away from snapping Having some quality alone time I've watched the movie Speed Racer every day since it came out, except for one day in 2012 because I was at target ME: hey what's ur wifi RECEPTIONIST: sir this is a hospital M: [coughs] ya I'm sick. So wut dat password? R: did u come here just for this This vine has like 6 million views so I think it's important you see how awkwardly I looked around after every shot Girls hate when you call them sexy it is demeaning. Instead try calling them something like garbage or trash When u get owned I'm not sure what to think of old navy's new ad campaign This is the worst vine I've made Ah, rain. Nature's fire extinguisher. The tears of the sky. Rain, my best friend. Yeah I do crossfit. I cross my fingers that I'll fit into my pants! Lmao follow me on twitter. Every time you say murica a terrorist dies. A preview of the new show Lesbian & Pregnant , coming to TLC this August. Accidentally threw away the toothpaste box before I read the instructions :-( ugh, thank god for google The best app review of all time When things just aren't going your way If The Sims was accurate you would just have them play on the computer the whole time. The only positive to having a flat tire is you might fall in love with the guy your insurance sends to change it for you Is anyone else having problems with the jelly bean dispenser on their iphone? I don't think mine has ever worked. I have a 5s btw This guy at my job says thanks Obama like 5 times a day and it is never funny and if I could I would fire him for it. I think the best time to steal garbage would be whatever day garbage day is. But like if you have to work that day then idk what to tell you If I have a girl I'm gonna name her Lilly and if I have a boy I'm gonna name him SmellyTurd ThunderBoy There are only 8 things I'm good at: -Giving up on things -Stopping prematurely -Making the same joke twice Critics are calling Inside Out the best Pixar movie since Cars 2! Minions hasn't even opened yet and it's already made $2 billion. July is actually named after my cousin Julie, who no one in my family likes. Jimmy the 13-year old comedian I don't have feet and I can't stand people who are different. A couple things about me: Lack toes, intolerant. I spent 8 weeks on this pun I would say my favorite thing about runescape is just how fun it is My NBA top 5 1. Shaq (no-brainer) 2. Lenardo Janes 3. Steven Curly 4. The guy whose idea it was to call Utah's team Jazz 5. Stan Van Gundy Abortion is totally counter-productive -a pun I came up with in 2012 Be true to yourself and lie to everyone else What if girls had like 4 vaginas & sex was like whack-a-mole & you had to keep moving to the vagina that lit up and it was really stressful If you can't handle me at my worst then I'm not going to keep inviting you to my baseball games. I get it, I'm not very good. Stop booing! Breakfast is the most important meal of the day, especially if it's a poptart Seems like just yesterday I learned what a black person was, & now gays are getting married in the streets. 2007 has been crazy so far. Love is not a number, it is a word. 6 is a number. 14 is a number. Age is a word, and also a number. 11 is a number. Parliament is a word. Like sticking your feet out the window, or maybe sitting in a lake. Life is about doing whatever the fuck you want. I don't want to live on this planet anymore -Neil Armstrong, right before he went to the moon. He has a condo there and has yet to return. When I have kids I'm going to give them weekly progress reports. I want them to know that love is earned, not given. It might be the unpopular opinion but fuck it, I have to say something. Honestly, the best part of waking up is Folgers in my cup. Finally! I found it!! I hate water. I've only ever drank it once and that was an accident because I was drowning For those of you wondering, vine pays me $2000 for every post regardless of quality. I bet clouds smell bad It's been a rough week for shitty people I didn't ask for this Vine idea: it's called fruit punch & basically Im just punching fruit. Do not steal this I am saving it for later Anytime I tweet anything about cars it's because I'm driving & my brain is only good enough to think about what's happening in front of me What if instead of having airbags it was required to wear a full suit of armor anytime you drive. Then cars would be cheaper b/c no airbags. It's not that complicated Smh it's 2015 ME: Oh great, it's Tony Spits When He Talks Ramirez T: Hey man M: [wipes spit off face] Im not even sure which word caused that to happen When the AC is broken at the gym and ur just like good thing I haven't gone to the gym in 3 years I used to think it was so cool that garbagemen only had to work one day a week, until I realized they probably go to other neighborhoods too I don't track calories or anything but I imagine after eating 2 toaster strudels for breakfast I've got like 300 left for the day Woman Drags Unconscious Boyfriend Back Into Burning Building After He Fails To Properly Thank Her When she says she only dates guys who are submerged in beans ME: so I've been thinking of getting my skull replaced with one of those big beach balls DOCTOR: that'd be pretty fucking dope ME: ya I know Jimmy the 11-year old comedian I pretty much just listen to classic rock. I'm talking mayday parade, some sam smith, the sound windshield wipers make when it's not raining *rolls eyes, accidentally farts* Seems like these days every guy is just trying to get in your pants I mean if you want to put mayonnaise on your ice cream that's cool I guess but I'll probably just put sprinkles on mine When ya girl lets u hit it from the back It's a good thing cars don't burst into flames when you touch them. That wouldn't be a very good feature. My bday plans: Me & 75 of my closest friends find a roof and just fuckin dance. Everyone leaves promptly @ 12 as it is no longer my birthday Homeless Man Begs For Money In Disney World To Save Up For Annual Pass When people say that something is so good it's to die for . um if you're dead you can't enjoy it anymore! Haha idk people are soo dumb. Why don't jewelry stores and cash for diamond stores just trade Tell me, is it really you? You don't look the same as when I was dreaming. I just tried to download a torrent of simple plan's greatest hits but the file was larger than my computer's hard drive Dad: pull your pants up Me: sorry [pulls pants all the way up through torso and over my head] Dad: I'm very proud of the man you've become A picture is worth a thousand dollars Oh yeah baBy time to watch sum sports Invest all your money in blockbuster just trust me on this guys How long was I gone Just put me on the show already Social awkwardness pt. 2 Social awkwardness Hey auto technician, so I won't be needing these turn signals anymore, is there any way I could swap them out for more noise? DJ Mix! Everyone is leaving the club, what are we gonna do?! I guess it's time to use my [smirks] secret weapon *Cupid Shuffle comes on* I love Tweeting and I love to Tweet. Twitter is my best friend. My doctor recommended that I try the Forklift diet. I asked him what that meant. He didn't know. I have a follow-up appointment next month. This is what the top of my head looks like Product idea: it's like toilet paper except instead of using it you just throw it away. You buy it and put it in the trash. Let me know. When you wake up with the iCarly theme song stuck in your head Please stop reading my tweets. They are for my eyes only. Just keep scrolling. A lot of people like food for its appearance but I just really like the taste Thinking of investing in a green screen for some of my vines. I could use a nice lime green background for a change. Me? I'm always thinking about Babes. Especially the second one. My favorite part was when he went to the city. That pig was like a dad to me My doctor tells me I'm a genius. I usually tell him he's handsome. We've kissed. Here is a podcast I did with two men who seemed to be under the impression that I am some kind of important person: Cover me in coleslaw slurry and explain to me how printers work I'm halfway to my goal! When I hit 100k I will delete my account and ask my mom to push me down the stairs The library is getting way too desperate with these new ads When nothing makes sense and your job is stupid Hat/relationship goals This would be like if your dad died but you had to give him a piggy back ride to the funeral If this gets 150,000 shares to Facebook I'll send the message!! Officer Charming reporting for duty But isn't the earth just one big dreidel? He doesn't like her yet When ur internet gf is super impressed by universal and u haven't even gotten inside the park yet Hubba hubba! That Caitlyn Jenner is a beauty. Here's a rough projection of what she might look like as a man. In ten words or less can someone teach me how to kiss My ideal day at work would be everyone realizes they accidentally walked into the wrong place and they politely turn around and leave. Just discovered a crazy iphone hack! Text your mom I love you and she'll give you a big hug when you get home Before iOS7: Ugh, I wish it would link to the calendar app every time I type tonight in a text After iOS7: My desires have been met Favorite this tweet if you think I'm good at pandering I don't think I'll EVER get a girlfriend! I haven't washed my hands in 3 days but it's okay because I did a pretty good job I am so close to deleting this app Tbh when I was a kid I always wanted an easy bake oven but I never asked for one because they were marketed to girls. Same with vagisil. Wendy's prank (attempt 3) Wendy's prank (2nd attempt) Wendy's prank Two things I've learned from working at Popeyes: 1. This job is beneath me 2. Old people love cole slaw Had a weird first day at Starbucks Vine: A Love Story Burger King: Have it your way McDonald's: [rolls eyes] I guess, if that's what you want Arby's: Where is everyone? Is there a way to make all my app icons look the same so I can't tell them apart? When you get a new bed frame for free and it breaks but you already very confidently threw away your old one If I was in charge of the gym's playlist I'd only play loud screeches so people get angry & work out harder. I'd also throw in some Beyonce. Celebrities that used to be kids (you won't BELIEVE #8!!) We all have that one friend! Watching Home Alone for the first time. Man, I bet this kid became a huge star, and definitely not like all weird and coked out or anything. I can't even begin to explain how funny this is to me. I have no idea what this means but I'm still upset that I'm at the bottom of the list. *parks backwards, gets laid* I wish they sold pineapple on its own so I wouldn't have to keep buying large Hawaiian pizzas every time I want some damn pineapple When you can't find your mom but your kitchen is covered in different kinds of bagged bread This one is for you, John I did 30 minutes of cardio and rewarded myself with Wendy's my life is a joke and all the choices I make are bad I hope you fall off a house Thanks for all the questions guys! This was a lot of fun. I'll be doing another one at 8 PM EST, and again every hour after that for 2 weeks Q: why did you do an AMA if you only have 400 followers? A: what does your name even mean? That you have a butt? Fuck off! Q: Why do people drink coffee? A: For the caffeine. Can someone else please ask me a question?? Q: What does NASA stand for? A: It would take just as long for me to look it up as it would for you. Why r u asking me this? Q: Is this you? A: Yes that's me. That's my profile picture. What kind of question is that? Q: how old are you? A: 21. Thanks for asking :-) Hey guys I'm going to do an AMA in about 15 minutes right here on :-) ask me whatever you want :-) When the fanny pack hits u I just realized that 2/3 of my girlfriends names have been 3 syllables. All this time I didn't think I had a type!! This product changed my life Sometimes even your best friends can hurt you Woman at the drive-thru told me I have a radio voice. Thank you. That's why I work at Popeyes. Grease is a movie about of group of 30-year old high school students who sing songs about what it's like to be 30 years old in high school. When the mayonnaise hits u Family members will die, but boyfriends are forever When some dumbass kid fucks up ur name Sitcom Stairway to Heaven I just came THIS close to over-hearing a swear word. This weekend is not going as planned. Hey guys What do laundry & my GIRLFRIEND have in common? Clingy as fuck and I only do it once a month Well that's my joke. Follow me for m Health tips: Drink lots of water, listen to Omarion while you do cardio, please don't tell mom how late I got home last night When ur favorite song comes on shuffle and you're reminded of how it was only $0.69 Sweet. Poll results are in: Smell voted America's least desired sense to be added to movie-going experience. Here's my #impression of a #white person: Excuse me, can I get some bbq sauce for my frappuccino? Im voting for John McCain next year! You can do a free trial on braces right? No one wants to tell me Hey can I borrow like $200? Just saw Insurgent btw, didn't really care for it. I have paypal. Good grief, everyone is OBSESSED with their moms. Maybe try playing hard to get sometime. She's going to get bored of you. Setting off that first mother's day firework If you can achieve it you can do it, and that's a promise Me: wow Siri it's like we finish each other's- Siri: Spartacus Walking on Sunshine was on sale for only $0.69 and now I feel like I'm walking on sunshine! So this pretty much sums up how vine is going I need go kart recommendations, please. Which is the best? Which is the fastest? Money is not a factor. I've used you like twice flipagram you're really pushing it with this shit Well it finally happened, go ahead and frame this Cyber-bullying is real. And it hurts. I love reading these comments I think we can all agree, there's only one reason to love milk's favorite cookie When u feel insignificant How old does he think I am Damn, that's a nice pair of knockers I used to just post vines on twitter and now all I do is talk about my vines on twitter. Holy shit my vine is on the on the rise page I don't know what the hell happened but I have as many vine notifications as I do emails. Double-tap if you're feeling extra accepting of all races today! The average American spends $75 every month on ringtones Just a few cool boys It's the weekend When you love the song but can't remember his name I haven't had cable in a while and the only thing I really miss is sports. Any other show it's not hard to find another place to watch it. I think public school is really good because everyone is the same Anyway this is what I look like now There is a 1300% crime increase on Sundays because cops have the day off. Today I want to thank our creator for blessing me with debilitating anxiety, and a huge dick Apple's customer service is terrible. I go there every week & try to get them to give me a free iPad & they always have an attitude about it I bet a lot of people know when Labor Day is This is exactly what God had in mind when he started Christianity Warning: you have a steering wheel!! Comedy 24/7 I am now ready for going to sleep, thank you My post-shower shower is generally the most productive one I need to stop doing anything A good feature would be if there was a way to make your tweets private but so that not even your followers could see them You're gonna have to have your belt on a little tighter than that if you want to be a good boy Last one I swear Well it was nice knowing you chumps my favorite shirt I think parks & rec unintentionally created real-life rent-a-swag because it seems like there's a bunch of websites that loan clothes now It's weird that Chickfila is closed every Sunday but they are open on Easter. Have some integrity guys. three things to know about me: I've been high on nyquil for the past 4 years I've only ever owned one razor I'm a Scorpio When you give grandpa the aux cord A car caught on fire at the publix in southchase Trading my bed for a chair was one of the three worst things I've ever done Past 12:30? No I don't give a crap , guess I'm staying up late tonight Yes, I still remember the first time I was confident. It was two weeks ago. A smell like that doesn't come around very often There are over 100 youtube videos PSA: if your lock screen password is 6969, everybody knows your password. The two clones I made won't stop sucking each other's dicks To all the people who have unfollowed me in the past year or so: you did the right thing. I'm not good at this. Rip zayn I've devoted so much of my brain to never forgetting 9/11 that I'm running out of room for other stuff. Guy who thinks he's totally nailing this interaction I'm sorry but I can't get over this calculator app and I need you to know how much this bothers me I don't understand I thought we already had this Today the FBI came in and showed us his badge Day 117: blank space is still a good song Hey wake up sleepy bread you can't just loaf around all day! #perfectjoke I just witnessed a girl take 4 selfies in a row while wearing a tank top that says don't be basic If you're ever having a really good day just remember, you're gonna fuck up a bunch more times before you die Sorry Relationship goals: a relationship Sorry itunes radio but you played one song I didn't like and now you're playing an ad. You have not earned this. That's it? That's all you're going to give me? I want to apologize about last night man, I got WAY too sober. I never meant to function so well. So I guess Hess is Speedway now. Uh, what's going to happen to the Hess trucks?? WHAT's GOING TO HAPPEN TO CHRISTMAS? Just got hired by old navy to model for the young boys section of their website This is too funny for me to click on it and realize it's not what I think it is this was a really smart thing for some1 to do Sorry guys sometimes I'm just a total #torquedork. Can't get enough of that sweet sweet horsepower Yeah baby gimme some of this! I'd take this beauty over dinner & a movie 7 days a week, 365 days a year baby Yeah baby give me some of that torque. A little torque is nice but a LOT of torque is what really gets me going. I love cars & I love torque I don't want attention, I want RESPECT *includes every possible hashtag there is* You ever open up the app store and type in app store in the search Fun night This is weird as fuck but I think I like it Sometimes you just need to eat the entire bag of candy to realize you shouldn't have done that wen u try to play sumthin off (Vine by Adia Huard) My new years resolution is to stop liking my own instagram post as soon as it gets 10 likes & then unliking it once it gets 11. I'm an adult Honestly I'm only tweeting at this point to dilute my twitter so it isn't just vines Trying to hide from your mechanic the fact that you never took the time to learn about cars When your mom asks if you did your homework uber driver: what do you do? me: i drive uber uber driver: oh nice! do you- me: want a mint? sure uber driver: watch and me try to flip some houses this ice cream tastes like shit blessed be the fruit under his eye 70 MPH? yeah i sure hope it does me: bread cashier: ok do u have a MyPanera card? me: i think cashier: whats your phone number? me: i have a gi a lot of times we ask ourselves: where are we dropping boys but do we ever just stop and think: why are we dropping boys? when i opened up my first playboy magazine tag yourself im literally nobody wants to be here took this for u ( ) might fuck around and drink the recommended amount of water today rt if should add this emote to the game i keep that mf thang on me all ive done at E3 so far is yell where we droppin boys at every game demo exhibit these new smash bros characters look interesting. new sketch. with wall guitar watch: changing my name to chris melpancake pranked my friend ran into today - very cool dude!! holding a turkey leg in disneyland means every dad has to come up to you and say something like that looks good o my followers when i spill the tea this mom at disneyland just called her toddler daughter a potato and im cracking up don't call yourself a gamer if you never killed people with the shuttleloop on max spe taking pics of my pal :-) good evening to all the gamers out there and thats it context: anthony called this loser an asshole because he made a joke about children dying at that concert in manche a word i havent seen or heard in actual years just popped into my head: scantron tired of seeing gun girl on the timeline where the fuck is lil tay at pulled over to comments while at airport for a little bit receipt facebook: someone u haven't talked to in 7 years posted a new photo me: ok facebook: go fucking like it or something trump: they MUST stand during national anthem also trump: god bless america, land that i love .. played fortnite with a kid and won our first game. and then won the next one too. i didnt curse once either. (hard where we droppin boys apple: 32 people face time everyone: i don't even have 32 friends lmfao twitter: ABSOLUTELY FUCKING RT HAHA YES! XD me: i think my gf cheated on me with a clown friend: wtf.what makes u think that me: last night she smelled funny whats good me every day: i dont watch sports me at a family party: JR SMITH TOTALLY FUCKED THAT UP FOR THE CAVS. POOR LEBRO just had a 13 kill solo win come say whaddup dudes who played bloody knuckles in middle school now post daily facebook stories when i stumble upon a minion meme while browsing facebook LOL MY FRIEND HAD A CHIPMUNK IN HER TOILET WTF?? don't talk to me or my son ever again friend: ur a professional gamer me: lol how friend: u won money in a gaming tournament yesterday me: doesnt mea id be getting my stomach pumped TWITCH RIVALS PUBG TOURNAMENT PLAYING FOR $$, HONOR AND FUN LIVE NOW: going on a walk - why the fuck not bro my gf is mad cute no homo today's tea: earl grey jake gyllenhaal had a dream about this could be a cool sticker lemme know kids who played bloody knuckles in middle school now have 2 DUIs and dont play fortnite cause they think its gay I am: Straight Gay My Name Jeff Welcome To Chillis Pickle Rick Potato Flew Around My Room omfg! weed flavored juul pod if ur not sitting like this at the bbq it wasnt a good bbq ladies imagine this, its 500 years from now, youve been dead for so long not one person remembers who you are. seeing frozen on broadway and the let it go sequence just cured my eyesight, whitened my teeth, made me 5 years y i genuinely laughed more watching infinity war than i did deadpool 2 Im Gay Straight here without you baby But you're still on my lonely mind. I think about you baby and I lol backtrack of the century someone just told me han solo dies in the new han solo movie :-/ people the day they get their first tattoo when my homie orders the same thing as me when we are out to eat what did i do just airdropped this pic to a bunch of strangers in the movie theatre me: i had a dream my bones were made of the stone material from fortnite girlfriend: thats stupid NEW VIDEO. if ur into games lemme know this month has sucked. lil tay has called me a broke ass hater at least 15 times when little kids at the restaurant youre at are talking about their favorite fortnite weapons and you wanna chime holy shit this looks insane if these two got married their kid would be a PBR tallboy dad why does grandpa drive us home after every soccer game? love memes :-) yea gonna do a shorter one in a few hours did donald trump just subtweet our whole country people who think its laurel: are correct people who think its yanny: eat pizza with a fork and knife d love getting 10 calls a day from random ass numbers as a robot lady tries to sell me insurance, cruise trips and other horse shit guy who has never listened to a podcast: i should start a podcast bro how do people have trouble sleeping lmao just close your eyes hangs at shans for 15 minutes had one of my favorite singers write an original song about my mom a year and a half after she passed away. thanks this is actually what i wear when i go to the diner The Handmaids Tale is awesome. Havent enjoyed a show this much since Breaking Bad. every time i drink kombucha i feel like a really strong grandma is punching me in the face deleted my tweet about church because i just watched this john mulaney joke and its the exact same thing except wa im at church for the first time in forever and this kid behind me has his dad super annoyed - under his breath he happy birthday mom. love and miss you always. remember the kid in the pagemaster? this is him now. feel old yet?? The coolest part about the #brightside pop up event had to be - The next best thing was all the puppies walkin Hanging out at the #brightside pop up event for Free food and smiles with in Broo ur mcm walked the mile during gym class yall know what fuckin time it is this dude keeps following me around asking for 3 dollars?? me: what do u call it when a group of 15 year old boys rob a 7-11 friend: idk me: a juul heist friend: me: country boy.i...i dont feel so good waitress: what can i get u sweetheart me: um i have a girlfriend waitress: chris. its me. you were in a terrib took out a whole squad with a pump shotgun lmao wtf saw a group of kids outside riding bikes?? didnt season 4 just start lol wtf are they doing white people when the waiter asks if they saved room for dessert me congratulating my squad on their win in fortnite after dying 20 minutes earlier at the beginning of the match 2 hour road trip essentials: aux chord pack of camel blues 2 monster energys lele pons 2 hour vine comp brb Sherlock(s) - 2019 bruce banner and hulks relationship reminded me of whiskey dick pubg in 2018? trying out new update me: girl with a stick and poke tattoo: it didnt hurt at all. i got it one night when i was super fucked up at a lmao wtf is this might fuck around and see infinity war alone because all of my friends have already seen it may the 1st be with you inflight movies whatevs bought a beer BACK TOMORROW. TIME TO GET MORE DUBS. MISS ALL OF YA this instagram model is taking pics at the peta stop seaworld booth and she had the guy working the booth hold he explaining twitch to old people who are open-minded is my favorite thing just played fortnite mobile with this little dude probably the worst tweet ive ever seen why does every girl make this face when they put makeup on new video w why did i think this was all the stranger things kids all grown up lmao shan: whos that pink guy who raps me: joji shan: yoshi? me: ok shan: wait isnt that a pokmon dropping tons of new merch this weeknd at kanye: live, laugh, love twitter last week: omfg BRILLIANT kanye: trump twitter today: WTF?? we trusted you if ur girl doesnt xD shes too young bro ok hmm lemme check my schedule going live for a little - bunch of new emotes for subscribers! did this tweet make u cry u think barron trump plays fortnite or pubg when i find extra fries at the bottom of my mcdonalds bag celebs when they're trying to not get recognized by paparazzi me: did u hear eminem is 10 years sober friend: yea when did that happen me: friend: me: 10 years ago...? me: happy 4/20 :-) *hits blunt once* me: hi yes 911? im dying me too 4 games that meant a lot to me growing up #GameStruck4 Ocarina of Time, Warcraft i, Halo 3, and Mass Effect 2 me: my credit score is bad accountant: just build lol i feel good about it yo please consider why is twitter video actually the worst thing? happy birthday - hope its a good one cause you deserve it took out the last 3 for the W yea i guess u could say im a gamer. son: how did u meet mom dad: i posted my 2 kill fortnite win on my snapchat story and she messaged me immediately starbucks employee: how do u like ur coffee me: arrested for no reason nicknames for bae dusty mop crumb on a plate squeege mike cow tongue walmart coupon coffee stain 12 year old who got out of school suspension for bringing a juul to school i dont give a fuck. yodel boy being at coachella and all those people going nuts for him is some of the purest shi boobs are butt nice decent day fruit by the foot where we droppin boys sex dudes 3 is out now been in LA for 3 days: dyed my hair blue got a tattoo had a taco next to aubrey plaza and didn't say a word to her filming sex dudes 3 some of the best movies have incredible cinnamon tography hey man i cant come to ur party im having a glass of milk happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend hanging in LA with our best pals. couldnt have asked for any that scene where buzz lightyear tries to convince himself hes not a toy by flying off a banister but ends up just If you dont Then you love me dont deserve at my m ill be in LA for a week starting tomorrow. if you want me on your podcast you can reach out to my assistant* and we might fuck around and have a glass of milk i fucking love this game haha RIP when u show ur homie what ur working with i guess i'm a gaming youtube channel now me: Happy Easter! cashier: you too me: oh and Happy April Fools cashier: haha you too me: and Happy Boomer Bon cant believe easter is on 4/20 this year yes. *looks down at my unfinished food* me: man im full waiter: do u wanna box? me: ? waiter: do u wanna box me: every battle i have in sniper shootouts rt if david dobrik and kim kardashian are always at the top of your snapchat explore page 10 wins in one stream! what a time dude. thanks all for hanging. so much fun. ended the stream with a rocket ride k every single person in a coca cola commercial doesnt drink coca cola fuck w me dentist: how r u feeling? me: my teeth have been super sensitive recently dentist: bitch my teeth: thats actually so mean it was the blatant disrespect to hide a lack of confidence it was the ego you couldnt check some how you didnt se some goofiness for your timeline love this dude in this house we wear cargo shorts my reaction says it all if Biden and Trump are going to fight they should settle it like men. no items, fox only, final destination. if global warming is real then why does it still snow *hits vape pen* *takes a sip of a monster energy* it's crazy how we have self-driving cars, virtual reality and hyper-speed tunnels in the works but we still lick our envelopes like savages marvel: infinity war is the most ambitious crossover event in history me: marvel: infinity war is the most ambitious crossover event in history me: waiter: what would u like to drink me: a water, coffee, milkshake and a follow on my instagram waiter: damn someones thirsty ANOTHER TURNING POINT A FORK STUCK IN THE ROAD ive teared up at every episode of queer eye whys this dog on the left look like a dude named Steve who hates his desk job found a silly hat today i feel the same way im deleting snapchat yo u wanna run duos tonight 2018 is nuts drake: yo i need shields ninja: take this chug jug girlfriend: you should update your linkedin me: ok ur mcm only works out to aviciis levels on repeat this random site thinks i'm dating my friend Nick Gallo and my net worth is $1 million LOL?? good morning only to michael cera me: venti dark roast please starbucks employee: whats ur name? me: yup starbucks employee: ur name is yup? me: oh wow he does LOL just found my old proofs of my senior portraits... i look like a kid who would hit a juul once and think hes hit 16k on twitch almost 600 subs 15 kill solo win on fortnite lets go girlfriend: im supposed to get like 9 inches of snow me: who the fuck is snow me watching twitch til 5am every night me: whats the wifi password girlfriend: our anniversary me: girlfriend: me: girlfriend: me: guess im not using the internet shan just told me she wants to give birth to a rat that looks like her ok house has no power. guess ill just sleep for 20 hours?? just killed the best fortnite player wtf? bro...who the FUCK is this guy?? girl: ok now just put it in me: okay girl: right here me: sorry. im a little nervous girl: why me: its m willing to sell for 1 bitcoin check out this sick clutch i had last night :) me 5 years ago: me now: where we dropping boys finding a dead body in a video game sick when youve had one too many butterbeers what the fuck ur mcm buys something in a store even if he doesn't need it because he feels bad not buying anything um might fuck around and have a baseball catch with a good friend today trying to do a schedule for my streams now ur mcm has twitch in his fortnite username me: u okay? girlfriend, crying: yea it was just these onions me to onions: what the fuck did u say to my girlfriend might fuck around and only speak Simlish from now on playing sims 4 w me: let me show you a song sister: okay me: it's mine by bazzi. have u ever heard it sister: yeah...im in college laura ingraham: athletes and politics should never cross one another donald trump: these football players need to stand for the flag i recreated a few of my girlfriends photos because she still had her equipment setup lmao my nephew wont stop saying fuck because he heard you yell it - someone in my twitch chat live btw - love hurts ur mcm used to delete the ladder in the pool so his sims would drown and fucking die sick plays my girlfriend facetimed me and is just making songs on garageband and not talking to me you so fucking precious when you block me on everything me: what are your two favorite letters librarian: sh me: nice really hoping the olympics win it this year anyone else ever notice tammy's profile pic looks like the cbs logo or is it just me pre malone malone post malone hey im ready for my sponsorship profesional fortnite player w good sniping abilities a me: guy using urinal next to me: it smells like sulfur in here me: okay wtf rich brian looks exactly like rich chigga ur mcm listens to asmr without headphones FlickSack is a new streaming service that gives classic films and television shows a MUCH needed enhancement. If pubg and beers ur mcm is vaping a juul in his facebook profile pic. (it has 12 likes) space x: sir, what will our payload be? elon musk: my old car space x: hahahahahahaha... elon musk: space x: THIS SPACE X LAUNCH HAS ME HYPE AS FUCK sounds like a feature not a problem YO WHO SENT ME THIS PILLOW WTF i don't give a fuck about kylie's baby but what's it's name how much did it weigh is it a boy or girl who's ready for the big game* tonight? *me live playing video games w pals come by and hang quick story: i was talking to my girlfriend about getting a new tattoo next week. after a bit of discussion i decid *orthodontist appointment* orthodontist: your teeth are much straighter this time around teeth: i definitely like boobs this dude just quote tweets an account that he definitely owns with recycled viral tweet responses lmao?? who i think i lose a match of fortnite to vs. who i actually lose to ur mcm has a beer gut but doesn't drink beer lmao playing hunt: showdown later on tonight come hang. watch me try to kill zombies and send demons to hell or whateve im so fucking tired all t my girlfriend facetimed me.then copied my outfit and every face i made wait were pirates actually real lmfao bagel with instagram: hey - we recommend you follow nash grier. here's his dumb post now in your feed me: oh no thanks i woul *on first date* date: tell me about urself me: i drop at dusty depot date, gesturing for waiter: check please trump is clapping for himself #SOTU LMFAoO? tonights stream was nuts...thanks again everyone for hanging. time to sleep for awhile saw this license plate in a walmart parking lot today. i have a few questions 1. why would u buy that? 2. wher i'm finally in one of these. updating my linkedin brb um what game for stream later ur mcm missed the birth of his first child because he was buying juul pods at the gas station across the street anyone else put cilantro on their soap? yum *ordering pizza on phone* pizza guy: for pickup? me: yea pizza guy: name? me: chris pizza guy: chris brown me: chr pixar's coco is so good i wish more people saw it i love this girl! rare pic of me without a hat PUBG ASMR *black mirror writers room* writer 1: what if cryptocurrency caused cancer writer 2: imagine if u could email fo if the paul brothers last name was logan they would be jake logan and logan logan the chainsmokers first names if i had to guess are definitely Trevor and Kyle i want another tattoo i wonder if all the 16 year old boys who humped their floors while lipsyncing will transition to comedic skits on v hello.old friend scaring my girlfriend with a trumpet video is live pubg, fortnite and maybe quiplash for subs later on tonight toss a follow on my page if you haven't already it took shan like 5 mins haha trump: abortion is bad stormy daniels: im pregnant with ur child trump: abortion is not bad guy: what's ur net worth? retail manager: $150,000 popular youtuber: $3.7 million fisherman: like 60 bucks. it's haven't played much, but this fortnite play was kinda chill last night no idea hey man i can't make it to ur wedding i lost my juul oh i can't stop watching this it's so mesmerizing and good?? DaddyOFive rebranding his youtube page to FamilyOFive because he lost custody of 2 of his kids is such an incredible self-own SQUADS WITH THE BOYS local twitter: might eat a tide pod 788k 986k and read her bible this transformation! the daughter grew up to be a big stocky dude and the son turned into a beautiful young lady we are back. sunday pubg with the pals fuck this app hit 30k on youtube the other day. thanks again to everyone who has tuned in felt cute, might delete :) vinyl designer toys are dope - who are some artists i should be following? the fact a football player needs to tell our youth not to eat tide pods is fucking hilarious and sad 2000: reality tv 2014: virtual reality 2025: virtual reality tv im crying ur mcm drinks beer thru a straw me: cool baby friend: thx me: can it read friend: no? it's 4 months old. me: can it walk friend: no it's 4 we don't talk enough about how fucking scary sneezing while driving on the highway is WATCHING CAMP UNPLUG LIVE :-/ these screenshots give me anxiety ShOw Me dA WeY BruDdA fuck 2018 an apology when was the first time u tried coffee? i was 11. oh cool black mirror season 5 is coming sooner than expected ur old high school friend's twitter timeline: Your Horoscope for Today - 1/08/18 Your kinda wanna work on trump's staff, do a lousy job, get fired and talk to the news to see what weird nickname he wou watched this on mute and was still annoyed pubg highlights and goofs is out this made me more pissed than the dead body video i want a church girl that go to church might fuck around a buy a breakfast sandwich with litecoin this girls pubg cosplay LOL shan recently sold a stock photo of me and i guess VICE bought it?? BRO WHAT. I THOUGHT BROCKHAMPTON WAS JUST ONE DUDE NAMED BROCK HAMPTON...ITS A WHOLE BAND OF DUDES? DAMN IM DUM it's like a who's dick is smaller contest except millions of people's lives are at risk hahahahhaha the i definitely didn't do this for views. i get views starter pack damn why is maverick merch 80% off today end of 2017 vs beginning of 2018 logan paul finding a dead body in the suicide forest, filming it and doing a little monologue for his logang right took a pic w the pals on new year's eve when u order $300 worth of catered food a week before ur big new year's eve party, go to the restaurant to pick it narrated my friend's makeup tutorial one of my favorite clips from NYE last year 2017 was chill. made some youtube videos, started streaming on twitch, released a bunch of new products on neat dud *at apple store* apple genius: hi. how can i help u me: what's the scientific name for the european wild apple these fake porn bot accounts sound like 13 year olds googling boobs for the first time lmao this little kid in my hometown is wearing a jake paul everyday bro hoodie and i'm actually pissed premiering a new sketch on twitch in 10 minutes do u think harry potter's kids will read the harry potter books when they're older when ur outside n then u go inside in the winter *watching a you sing, you lose disney edition video* me: me: me: me: me: LET's GET DOWN TO BUSINESS, TO DEFEAT THE HUNS FUCK ur mcm puts sugar in his coffee lmao kylies a damn tree now wtf merry chrysler thanks grandma :-) i can't believe christmas is next week me after waking up, spending like 8 hours on twitter, maybe having a meal or two, then going back to sleep my buddy took out a full squad in this dumbass hippie van lmao why is my gf actually eliza thornberry might fuck around and go to college, spend tens of thousands of dollars for a degree and then just play video games for a living me: shan. please don't get upset.and this is merely just an observation but- shan: the waitress has huge tits m i'm never going back to this coffee shop again highlights for my 24 hour stream out now! Join my #Clipisode video show: who is toughest person to get an xmas gift for? Reply from any phone. No app need i really hope it's the new xbox friend: yo what's good dude? me: beer, kittens, boobs, nachos, equality, big glass of water friend: yea those are all pretty good just wanted to make a quick update: i don't really care about avocados might fuck around and like a bunch of my homies ig selfies my best tweets of 2017 lmao disney spent more time cleaning a single bathroom in the french section of epcot than they did on this sculptu just saw star wars. time to go on reddit and figure out why i loved and hated it holy shit yung klout is the next big thing toes should just be called foot fingers might fuck around and drop my life savings on cryptocurrencies might fuck around and lie to my kids for 10 years by convincing them a magic fat dude comes into our house once a y at my family christmas party and literally just hanging with only the 13 year olds talking about twitch and fortnite haha editing highlights from my 24 hour stream together for a new youtube video. :-) universe where everyone went by their 5th grade aol instant messenger screen names hey fuck this idiot yeah sex is cool but have you ever successfully put a funny snapchat filter on your cat went christmas shopping and figured id spoil myself a little bit happy 30th bday to one of my best friends what a guy. what a dude. what a pal. excited for our futur LMFAO ROY MOORE LOL RIDE THAT HORSE INTO IRRELEVANCY guy: i'm better than u me to guy: get off ur high horse his horse: u ever just like stop and think about the conc LMFAo all my friends getting pubg for xbox makes me happy. enjoy it guys. it's the best/worst game out there if you're a bully - fuck you if you're raising a bully - fuck you might fuck around and sign up for health insurance the homie laughing like a madman in this clip lmao Butt Ass Pizzamoney lmao my friend just texted me this out of nowhere death is the only thing we all have in common bartender: enjoy ur drinks me: you too me: people in youtube rewind this year: Macy Stanchez Rock Bledow Jones Swaglon Stick Fallopen Frankie Delac yeah sex is cool dad christmas gifts anything can be a straw if you drill a hole through it one will save us pls no 16 kill solo chicken dinner Vine 2 sounds cool but i'm really looking forward to MySpac3 yeet yea sex is cool but have you ever sharpened a fresh pack of colored pencils friend: 2017 sucked me: but that kid who begged for retweets to get free chicken nuggets from wendy's went on the Feeling pretty fly thanks to Get happi-fied like me by tweeting a photo to them all this week. #picsbymikes scott on his commute to work before hosting another exciting round of HQ Trivia instagram finally suggesting good content for me woke up to my girlfriend's rat crawling on my face. now i have hives new youtube video ex girlfriends might fuck around and sign my friends up for some jake paul merchandise text updates 24 hour stream was a success. Thank you everyone who was there. You're a lol the best. 24 HOUR STREAM me: i have 7 friends random guy on the street: nice beard me: wtf is up kyle movies bae: hey. me: sup? bae: i'm home alone me: wait.ur a treasured american classic that features a young macaul yea the infinity war trailer was pretty cool but did u see our president openly retweet a racist 3 times little late night stream - coffee and pubg might fuck around and accidentally watch 10 hours of shitty christmas movies on the hallmark channel ur mcm got out on question 1 on HQ trivia lmaoo yeah sex is cool but have you ever stepped on a crunchy leaf some pics from the new gear we just launched for neat dude - super happy we can finally share it all with you unveiling the new winter line on stream later tonight me: guy with a pickle rick tattoo: hey check out my tattoo it's pickle rick haha if she doesn't laugh at 10 minute vine compilations leave her bro why is everyone up in arms about malia? her o's weren't even that good lmao I'm doing a 24 hour twitch stream in one week. December 1st 10pm EST. Come by and hang. might fuck around and go to bed early, get the recommended 8 hours of sleep and have a productive, refreshing day tomorrow uncle: and that's why this new tax plan will affect us heavily unless the GOP does something about it me: baby c might fuck around and have a refreshing ice cold glass of coca cola Promoted can't wait to open presents under the turkey this year me at every party *thanksgiving eve in my hometown* old classmate: i'm a brain surgeon me: i get drunk and play video games online and people watch me guy who thinks a peace sign is the middle finger shan please don't leave the house today ur mcm lit a cig from the wrong end over 5 years ago and still feels really embarassed about it COME ON WHAT THE FUCK ok are we all done pretending nickelback doesn't actually slap or christmas songs??!? wasn't it literally just halloween hahahaha :-) feel free to share and support this tweet live now - come hang plenty of fish streaming tomorrow night - hope to cya there my girlfriend's voice gets high when she sees tiny things: little doll chair hotwheels car miniature plas can soap get dirty might fuck around and do a crossword puzzle with a sharpie what are the requirements to join the gucci gang watched high school musical and this fool literally carries a basketball in every fucking scene? lmaoo might fuck around and start making vines again When I die bury me with all my ice on, when I die bury me without the lights on RIP Lil Peep might fuck around and drink some decaf coffee before bed pubg and maybe fortnite made a vine lol just saw a squirrel and cat casually hanging out by a tree wtf that was some cute shit did no one else enter this year we hit 400 subs tonight on twitch.which means i'm doing a 24 hour stream in the near future :O texting someone with 1% battery left kim jong un, 33: trump is old trump, 71: what the fuck? you're fat might fuck around and see whose birthday it is on facebook and wish em a happy bday we are live now :) i bet ur K/D ratio is like .03 lmaoo One year later. Same friend. Same guitar. New song. watch now: running for president means you're looking for attention - the actual current president's son *another old white actor is trending* me: please be dead, please be dead news: SEXUAL ASSAULT me: goddamnit VAPE PRANK This week I grab my friends clouds Another turning point, a fork stuck in the road Time grabs you by the wrist, directs you where to go So make the be What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? Ill have you know I graduated top of my class i I WISH YOU WOULD STEP BACK FROM THAT LEDGE MY FRIEND might fuck around and chill in the upside-down for a little bit Thor Ragnarok is easily one of my favorite Marvel movies. Damn. me during episode 7 of stranger things 2 free beer is the best beer twitch blizzcon party tonight - missing the streams. will be back in full force next week *in line for a bar* bouncer: ID please me: vape prank on my friend the owner of this club went to pour platinum tequila into my mouth and literally just dumped it all over my body. pretty sick night tho tbh blizzcon! love video games! cosmo and wanda think they're slick does human error have a twitter account? i wanna follow them don't talk to me or my son ever again hey is anyone else's iphone a slow piece of shit all of sudden now that the new iphone X is coming out or got a new hoodie to match my title of content creator papa johns: we arent selling pizza everyone: why papa johns: black football players are putting their knees on grass everyone: hm yo is musical.ly trying to fuck me are electric cars vegan *too wow. killed these holy crap!! quick stream from LA I'm in LA but my heart is with Manhattan today. Hard to remain positive with this kind of evil in the world. But we have to. omfg SOON. i wish halloween was every month.gonna miss seeing the word spoopy every day you're grounded *uber in LA* driver: do u want water me: no thx driver: iphone charger me: no thx driver: wanna see my acting reel me: holy fuck yes please thanks *haven't been to church in 9 years* *plane hits turbulence for one second* me: our father who art in heaven it's been one year since vine was shutdown. what have and i been up to? after way too many hours of this game i finally shot someone out of the fucking sky fellas is it gay if i don't drink my tequila straight katy perry: do u ever feel like a plastic bag me: no imagine if the President of the United States could spell Tennessee correctly live now dudes couples halloween costume idea we get it u have 280 characters smh gf: hey can u facetime me: why gf: it's important couples costume idea she might notice the giant watermarks first no a guy with a dollar bill stapled to his bare chest just told me he's fucked up hey dude.we know i said hey big fan of how good u are at games might fuck around and start vlogging on vine what twitchcon smells like yo wtf these guys sitting at the bar next to us look exactly like us lmao my gf is a babe new video about cup tricks grabbing a nice sandwich before my flight to TwitchCon you're the most attractive friend if u have none all the that's definitely someone's lunch. replies i played myself instagram: heres a picture based on recent photos you've liked *literally just a girls butthole* hm that doesnt look like someones lunch literally right now I had a Mayday Parade t-shirt ur mcm gets a bagel toasted with nothing on it doin some solos right now when i xD i think of you - my future wife hopefully might fuck around and invite the boys over for a wine night might fuck around and endorse some of my homies on linkedin sup it's me young bagel hit 10k followers on twitch! come hang ricegum sounds like he has two rolls of bubble tape stuck down his throat always 7 years ago i saw perform at terminal 5. shan was also at that show but i didn't know her then. tonight we feel free to answer / share ( ) mikerophone my instagram messages are a mystery to me cuphead then pubg tonight reminder: u can like rick and morty and not need to wear a pickle rick t shirt This dude got a tat because we won three PUBG games in a row on twitch. LETS FUCKING GO DUDE me: ugh i can't decide. i want wings. but i also want a burger waitress: say no more fam who else loves the fall 102028m 9788173m when facebook catches onto a trend a few weeks after twitter new jacket :-) thoughts? looks like this away message.is permanent oh shit hey guys.check this out: spoopy 780k 978k cuphead - round 2, now. this just sounds all the kids in my cousin's 2nd grade class LMAo happy bday - growing my beard out super long so people no longer say we look alike hi i tried printing an animated gif of drake clapping and it isn't moving?? help please damn just had a bagel :-) #NationalTacoDay Content Cop - YouTube Happy #NationalBoyfriendDay to me. I deserve it. this vegas shooting is horrific. the people outside donating blood only several hours after it happened are heroes. just had a 12 kill game - need 17 for shan to kiss me just caught up on last night's SNL. so many good sketches. damn update on the two who met through my twitch chat - unbelievable weird to think all the insects from a bug's life are probably dead by now all my sketches in a single playlist ur mcm takes an adderall before he naps lmao rt if ur gonna be the most woke at the thanksgiving dinner table this year might have to drop a pop punk album after taking these pics today guy: uncle mike why are u burning all ur nfl stuff uncle mike: black athletes put their knees on grass during a song and im pissed off!! this seems pretty off-brand so these two were both separately watching my twitch stream today. they realized it through my chat and are now gra im not racist! my best friends daughter is black folks this might be the dumbest thing i've ever seen on this d i think i figured it out live right now - lets go ur mcm sits when he takes a shower lmao does anyone else...like pizza? 398k 763k can someone say some dumb shit so i can quote tweet it and get 100k likes how can i make cents with millions on my mind - post malone maybe the craziest line in the last century? lemme know in the comments IM DRUNK AT THIS FESTIVAL AND THIS DUDE HAS THE SAME HAT AS ME. MY COMPANY. THATS FUCKIN NEAT DUDE sup it's me chris. you're probably wondering how i got here this petting zoo is lame as hell wtf our president starting beef with FOOTBALL sounds like the most american thing possible This dudes brain is all over the place. IRAN. DEMOCRATS. SPORTS. FUCK. do our bitmojis die when we do stream is back - cracking some cold ones when ur weird aunt kisses u at the family christmas party this is my senior quote because some dude on the internet told me to make it that everyone had a crush on debbie thornberry right stream will be back tomorrow. bought some beers from one of my favorite breweries today Tonight, we are young So let's set the world on fire We can burn brighter than the sun - Blink 182 i feel like dabbing on ur haters might just give u more haters *watching ASMR video with shan* shan: omg. hurry up and eat the carrot bitch pubg highlights 7 is now live LFGD shan just looked at the sunset and said omg look at the ceiling facebook: what's on your mind? me: there's an alternate reality where seth rogen has a normal laugh and that terrifies me girl i had a crush on in high school: do u smoke weed? me: grandpa: so what have u been up to me: i make money playing video games grandpa: that whole sentence confuses me debuting a new sketch on twitch tonight 9pm EST WHO WANTS TO GO W ME LMAO leaving the theatre after seeing It damn both these shirts are sick. should i get both fuck it? might fuck around and get really good at the bagpipes lil late night pubg taking a bite of ur bagel and dropping cream cheese on ur leg in the morning if chance the rapper becomes president is he chance the president or president chance the rapper or chance the rapper the president some random dude just slowed down while driving, opened his window & without hesitation said i like your beard to HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! giving away gear when we get chicken dinners why did this remind me of instantly im out to eat and this restaurant is playing gary jule's mad world and im about to cry into my fettuccine alfredo ur wcw spent 3 hours on her bitmoji and it barely looks like her lmao iPhone iPhone 3G iPhone 3GS iPhone 4 iPhone 4S iPhone 5 iPhone 5S iPhone 6 iPhone 6S iPhone 7 iPhone 8 iPhone X iPhone Xbox iPhone Xbox 360 ur mcm tweets in all lowercase to act like he doesn't really care about tweeting sex dudes playin w no scope lopes going live in 5 every local car dealership commercial me: 9 chicken wraps please postmates: just made some emotes on stream and theyre already active is beer a vegetable 1. why is my mechanic texting me 2. why is he yelling Tomorrow! why is kim k in a tree there's a hurricane PUBG IRL PUBG IRL - drops tonight 9pm EST ur mcm got caught putting lemonade in a water cup this man slaps ur girls ass at a bar...wyd? last night was fucking nuts ur mcm broke his fidget spinner and was genuinely sad for a few days wtf is this fun day at the doctors! doing a late stream before playlist this weekend come hang #NewProfilePic yo this random baby snaps me everyday lmao highlights part 6 is live now twitch: hey guys our servers will be down most of the day youtube: PUT EVERYTHING ON THE FRONTPAGE FUCK me: hi random guy drinking water: i haven't had soda in almost a year. it's terrible for you the strategically placed cigarette in each photo is a nice touch jk got partnered on twitch and hit 7k tonight! thanks again to everyone for the support zumiez employee brings a skateboard home for the first time ur mcm thought taylor swift's new music video was super deep is katy perry self-aware do u think bro don't kiss me until i've had my morning coffee 10 rounds against someone who is 49-0 and not getting knocked out is pretty fucking impressive - congrats to both dudes. great fight it's nice how the boxers hug each other after they punch each other in the face a few times lmao #MayweathervMcgregor when you finally find a #MayweathervMcgregor stream that works ur mcm spent 4 hours writing his own wikipedia page, submitted it for review and had it rejected instantly holy fuck i'm holding a pinball for the first time in my life *new taylor swift song* 1st listening: i hate this 2nd listening: wait is this a fucking bop going to salvation army and buying literally any shirt i see me: guy drinking an ipa: so this is a double hopped saison that was brewed inside a barrel for 3 weeks at this local micro brewery actually pretty stoked about this late night pubg - come hang ur mcm wears cargo shorts to music festivals playing w right now if u dab on ur haters do u yeet on ur friends ur mcm went blind looking at the solar eclipse on accident the follower who replies to every tweet ppl that follow me: love content ppl that don't follow me: hate content might go to a sunflower field w my homie and take some pics do butterflies get tattoos of trailer park women on their lower backs ur mcm repeatedly taps the up button genuinely believing it will make the elevator arrive faster first thing i saw as i entered nyc today was a pigeon eating a dead pigeon :-) live right now - early stream: good morning to everyone except people who think putting eyelashes on your car's headlights is cute i'm about to snopes this shit. who doesn't like boobs when fox news anchors criticize trump u know he fucked up early stream - pubg duos with *watching game of thrones* me: i hope they bang friend: that's his aunt. they're related me: i hope they bang ur mcm has lived in a nice suburban New Jersey neighborhood his whole life but drives a truck like this around ur mcm accidentally stole a pen from the DMV, thought he was gonna go to jail and turned himself in at his local police station lmao pubg highlights episode 5 is now live doin silly shit with and peaceful protester starter pack when ur mom tells u to pause ur game and come down for dinner but u can't because it's an online game that u can't ah yes. a peaceful protest indeed new lil sketch with damn a few of my youtube videos got demonetized.really gonna miss that $1.34 for next month :-/ this guy likes jesus more than i've liked anything in my entire life the only time i've ever seen this shitty ass catchphrase is in this headline Young Scene Where Father and Son Have a Baseball Catch in The Field of Dreams live now drinking coffee + playing games :-) saw a movie today please follow me! what follow me! what do u tweet about i mostly ask people to follow me that's awesome me: what do u call a bug that enjoys when his wife cheats on him friend: what me: cuckroach not my friend anymore: ok thanks 2 chicken dinners tonight already.LFGD playing with the legendary ur mcm eats hot wings with a fork n knife lmfao hit 5k on twitch last night. thx for hanging everyone I legit yelled HOLY FUCK LETS Goo #GameOfThrones #ConfessYourUnpopularOpinion completing guitar hero on expert is much harder than playing an actual guitar in front of a stadium of people LMFAO I THOUGHT THESE WERE SNAKES FOR A SECOND HAHA when my gf texts me me talking shit about the boys: 00:00 me talking highly about the boys: 89:46:37 2 chicken dinners tonight lfgd. me: girl with white hair: ugh i was going for silver but my fucking hairdresser ruins everything apparently kohl's is using a clip from a this video of mine in their employee training video lmfao late night pubg w the d00ds might do a late night shift everyone needs to see brigsby bear. probably the best movie i've seen in 2017 ur mcm talks during important parts of game of thrones me: guy with motorcycle helmet: yea i've been riding for a few years now haven't laughed at a meme in a few weeks am i dying *logs on to facebook* status: whats up everyone - god isn't real, donald trump is good, abortion is okay, obamacare is bad *waits* ur mcm took the book socks off his books, put em over his light-up sneakers and slid around the hallways on his last day of school when you're removed from the communications director position BREAKING: Anthony Scaramucci updates his twitter cover photo me: kid in film school: shawshank redemption was just okay local twitter gets 200k likes on a viral tweet then the next day they tweet about guacamole and their car problems for 3 likes jon snow: theres an army of frozen dead dudes coming this way danareys: sounds a little silly tbh *hops on a dragon & flies the fuck away* working on episode 4 now. LFGD. ur mcm's avatar is a pic of them as a child if the ocean in dunkirk doesn't win best supporting actor at the oscars then it's a bullshit awards show who's shitty idea was this live on twitch - playing with pals all night come hang what.the fuck? we are LIVE - come hang the most popular kid in high school.10 years later *plane hits turbulence for one second* me: i lived a pretty decent life me: ur like the most popular bagel her: everything? me: plain rain is just sky sweat was just trying to help new video: rest in peace MS paint. here are some things i drew in your program when i was 14 years old new games of thrones was cool sh i didn't see it yet .there was a cool pair of boobs FUCK I SAID NO SPOILERS that's my boy zane, that's my boy zane *its heath* ok can jake paul go away now omg look what shan found wtf lost a game of mini golf to loser had to pose in a crop top on twitter lol *in dollar store* me: how much are these scissors cashier: a dollar me: this soda? cashier: a dollar me: this sponge? cashier: fuck u new video :-) playing duos right now with the sexy There's something inside me That pulls beneath the surface Consuming, confusing This lack of self control I fear Is never ending controlling This Chester Bennington news really fucking sucks. Linkin Park was a HUGE part of my adolescence and identity growing up. Fuck man. Documents Pictures Pics where i look good naked This folder is empty #no filter :-) what should i post on youtube this week i tried peach skoal and threw up 20 minutes later when i was 16 LIVE RIGHT NOW: *on a date* me: so yeah that's when i became a jake pauler her: let's go to your place immediately ill be on tonight around 730-8pm EST me reading the 4th harry potter book me: person who works at mcdonalds: hi welcome to mcdonalds ur man has a sticker of his snapchat QR code on his Subaru WRX hey ed sheeran? cersei over here lookin like a damn sorry piece omg they made the doctor a female. this show about a time-traveling alien wizard who lives in a police box is BULLSHIT ur mcm got a livejasmin ad and actually made an account i was at a party one time and i saw a guy high on acid spin a dead cat by its tail and toss it into the woods i love all my friends so much it's my birthday Billy gets an important phone call from his doctor who keeps putting him on hold. live now. new mascot berger boy to for the model lmfao wow i just found a few of the shitty rage comics i used to make like 7 years ago this is important concert flyer: doors at 7pm me: wtf it's 830pm and the doors still haven't played? What's your name? Chris. Short for Christopher? .Yup I knew it. This was fun. Baby Driver was just okay live right now! ur mcm went to 6 different seven elevens today lmao playing zombie mode with some homies in 1000 years when the human race looks back on the different tools we used to communicate, i hope they use this ex too many sheriffs in town now tbh talking about james cameron's epic movie avatar do we spin fidget spinners or do they spin us weekend stream w the boys live now: BRO WTF MY GIRLFRIEND SAID SHE WAS GOING TO HER FRIENDS HOUSE FUCK what beer should i buy for the stream tonight tough guy add me on snapchat for good snaps like this: username - chrismelberger me: girl with inner lip tattoo: it's not permanent and i figured why the fuck not ya know? live now - playing with do spiders in california surf the we the rise in popularity of mumble rap gives me hope because i can't remember the lyrics to fucking anything damn this rob kardashian shit sure is spicy!! let's all obsess over it for another 6 hours then fuckin forget it ever happened this firework has been in the sky all night but hasn't exploded yet wtf? me: hi guy wearing american flag tank: CNN IS FAKE NEWS lele for sure if this shit right here wasn't ur first choice when the ice cream man pulled up on ur block ur fucking whack me discussing current events: 00:07 me discussing memes: 7:53:32 today is my youtube birthday. i'm four on youtube. subscribe if you haven't yet my waiter just gave me a burger with a knife in it.how the fuck am i supposed to eat this lmfaoo? ur mcm uses walkthrough websites when he can't beat a level on his mobile puzzle game new video with what in the goddamn shit is happening anymore lmfao sometimes i think about how perfect Drive's soundtrack is DJ Lego Man The Size of The Empire State Building if u join paypal using this link we both get $5. also this isn't an ad i just want money for beer my gf asked me to send her pics of how these pants looked in the fitting room can't wait to watch get married this weekend!! #HeterosexualPrideDay is trending dear guy who was on my little league baseball team in 1999, maybe tell ur dad to cool it with all racist memes on facebook? thanks don't connect w me on linkedin unless ur trying to fucking NETWORK BABY ur mcm blasts his AC on max while driving with his windows open just had a 10 kill game sup need this LETS FUCKING Go DUDE instagram: here are some videos picked just for you me: it's all makeup tutorials wtf?? me 30 minutes later: wow that contour looks bomb the floor is being debt-free me meeting the first lady: pretty cool me getting a kill in a video game: LETS FUCKING Goo DUDE when u laugh at tweets everyday on twitter then remember they're the same people who killed off vine just a little something to take the edge off ur mcm's bitmoji doesn't even look like him lmfao lmaoo this just happened somehow if ur friend stops interacting with ur content online were they ever a friend? barber: what will it be me: just fuck me up fam holy fuck this party has these orange circles and they're so good on our way to playlist live! i just used postmates to get a 12 pack of beer and beef jerkey. fuck flying cars this is the future i'm here for. can't hang today i have meetings found this in my beef jerkey? tastes like shit wtf ur mcm wore his snapchat spectacles to his grandmas funeral damn i've been tweeting for 8 years.that's 2,920 days of fresh content #MyTwitterAnniversary putting together a compilation of me playing PUBG and the top two words i say the most are: 1. dude 2. fuck ahem. nutella is just okay. good thing this airport security sign lets us know where the dragon balls are gf: today is national kissing day me: oh nice we should participate gf: no this sign has been in my town for like two decades. this child is at LEAST 27 by now did i go too far *vine ends* me: sup guys i'm a gamer now add me on twitch FINALLY JESUS the floor is adult responsibilities, exceptional time management and a healthy lifestyle lmao 2017 is wild racist and homophobic tweets come from kids with these kind of profile pics twitch streamer who never learned how to read BREAKING NEWS: Shan and I are now going to VidCon damn who is who? i can't even tell.what a convincing undercover makeup job cold ones just saw a super expensive 2 door luxury car and shan goes what's the point? you can't even put groceries in there when youtubers make a baby do they call it creating content ur mcm tweeted he was proud to be heterosexual and used the #PrideMonth hashtag content that is fresh never frozen missing the boys today :-/... so i made this yo these kinda taste like peanut butter wtf? *at panera bread* bread apple or chips? bread would u like to leave a tip? u asked me if i wanted bread apple or chips might fuck around and buy a paintball gun, use it once, let it collect dust and try to sell it to some guy on craigslist 3 years later not gonna tonight! out drinking. potentially in the next few days guy who laughs at every card he puts down in cards against humanity the new call of duty update looks weird live right now lmao in the berger shack # of times i've been called a pussy by my friends ever: 23 # of times i've been called a pussy by 15 year old girls on twitch: 509 mccain: final question, is it everyday bro? comey: on that disney channel flow mccain: i've heard enough mccain: has anyone really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look more like? comey: uh girlfriend: hey did you eat my leftovers me: i can't comment on that in an open setting *on plane* baby (6 months old): waahh me (26 years old): shut up idiot now on youtube: live premiere of my newest youtube video right here: oh cool i found the entrance to hell drgon bll z i have that app that gives pictures fake smiles so i decided to try it out on a few famous celebrity mugshots guy: yo i need a manager friend: why guy: my tweet got 500 rts last night lmao this probably took like 12 takes and still wasn't worth the effort / time to post online my myspace bio had beer pong and partying listed in the skills section what ariana and all these performers did was fucking incredible. wonder woman was wonderful I MET MY FIRST EVER BALD EAGLE TODAY AND TOOK SOME PICS OF IT. WHAT A BEAUTIFUL GODDAMN CREATURE not tonight guys. next time will be tuesday most likely smashing open a hot one with the non-binaries does the number of boys determine the amount of cold ones cracked? such a beautiful day out today should i play my xbox or ps4 the new halsey album is really good don't @ me ur mcm went to dunkin donuts on free donut day but got too nervous to ask for the free donut so he just bought a bottle of coke and left facebook: that guy who was in your science class 9 years ago posted for the first time in awhile. me: holy SHIT this is gonna be good another little commercial i worked on with might f around and post an ig pic with mood as the caption fresh content live new video w how is this stupid ass tweet up for almost an hour? does anyone work for this guy ur mcm said he was racist to get out of jury duty im not really a fan of the guy in charge either but this seems a bit.much? crackin an ice cold cruiser w the boys someone was paid actual currency to do research, find images and write words for this article. when u and ur boy feed the teenage mutant ninja turtles awesome weather today sealing a warm one with the girls bro i get the weirdest snapchats the actual poster to the new spiderman film looks like the wet dream of a high school kid 2 weeks into his intro to guy: i have to take a drug test today me: oh fuck did you study only playing hanzo this is like a kid in high school proudly showing off his report card that is littered with F's i had to grind for this view hey is ur bed a king? what ur bed.is it a king or queen neither it doesn't have royal blood when the ad revenue runs dry when ur mom forces u to take a pic with ur annoying cousin it's good to be back me: what's it like dating a comedian girlfriend: i don't know i never have this isn't even remotely clever. the lowest form of edgelord cringe humor. children have died you fucking psycho dropped like $100 on this invisible fidget spinner but it's sick Tom Pillow Vs. The State bro this tweet has half a million likes what in the fuck oh word LMAo these guys had the same outfit on and they legit just met thanks toilet chillin not sure what's happening then twenty one pilots goes live on stage i wanna slap these stickers on anyone i see making snapchat stories at hangoutfest this weekend nice beach day yo man i can't come over i got sand in my external charger oh shit a new email from vine expectation: we are bringing it back reality: ur shit has been hacked lmao i didn't expect this tweet to blow up but yo peep my soundcloud while ur here fam - guy who got 29 likes on his tweet reply to a cele ur wcw took a pic of herself in portrait mode w her iphone 7+ and instantly added model LANYC to her insta bio flying to alabama right now goodnight to everyone except people who retweet THIS NEEDS TO GO VIRAL tweets things that happened today: drank water ate a slice of pizza was called ugly by someone with a super saiyan vegeta avatar new video: hey man i know life has been tough for u lately but could u possibly stop wearing ur mario 1up mushroom pajama pants everywhere we go on now.with a stache yo bro does this romper make my dick look fat cool update snapchat now i can make dumb shit like this might fuck around and request a sad love song from Delilah tonight i absolutely love your music kanwe. big fan. great stuff. also u gotta hear this shit about isis can i show u a youtube video real quick uh we are at a funeral wtf this guy made a fidget spinner in minecraft turn the volume up please i main hanzo ur mcm was never in anyone's top 8 is ur mom wearing an invisibility cloak so this just happened at a party ur wcw dips her oreos in water all the girls in my friend's contact list have the last name tinder ...must be a big family?? yo man i can't come over i dropped my cig playlist live vlog is up local car salesman: we need to sell cars intern: lmao just put ur stupid kids on a billboard or something local car salesman: HOLY SHIT happy birthday mom. miss you. ur mcm has a signature in his text messages never forget #RIP child in 2017: mommy can i please have one bedtime story mom: of course honey. instagram or snapchat? kid: hmm. lets go with kylie's insta worked on this little commercial with very happy with how it came out lmao was wild last night ur mcm started a gofundme page for his dinner my boys and i read 20 buzzfeed articles before we hit the town excited to stream again this week follow here to to get notified when i go live: her: come visit me on this deserted island harry: eh i can't her: my parents just died of starvation harry: almost got kicked out for trying to dab w squidward this kid just told me i was his favorite viner and i can't believe it ur mcm held a FREE HUGS sign out in times square for 2 hours and got zero hugs :-/ when u spot a pal from across the room ur mcm always clicks the horny singles in your area who wanna fuck ads pic i just took and face i made taking pic just watched a 13 year old kid make a musical.ly to xxxtentacion in real life ur mcm fell off a segway going 8mph in front of a bunch of people hey dude i might have to give you an xD for that one me: don't get married in antarctica guy: why me: you both will get cold feet if life gives u lemons make some milk ur mcm tells strangers kids to shut up when he's on a plane new video with me: lmao the met gala is whack. all those outfits are weird met gala: wanna come next year? me: back in 2012 i posted only boring facebook statuses for a whole week been having a lot of fun messing around on twitch past few days follow me good morning to everyone except people who immediately honk their horn when the light turns green $7 horse hooves on cobblestone is easily top five for best sounds ever streaming with right now! #fyrefestival realistic poster the most notable person to graduate from my college was bill o'reilly playing player unknown's battlegrounds on twitch something i think about a lot: does the pokmon universe have professional sports teams? if not i made a list of did anyone catch that episode of the walking dead where they're just trying to stay alive haha when my friend says something silly :-) facebook: guess what show i didn't go to me: uh the red hot chili peppers? facebook: nope lmao. sublime me: damn oh well. this was fun. new video - it's dry oh my god. lmao why does female me look like a detective on a crime show walked into a lightbulb store the other day and had so many ideas prom 2017: find a date expensive suit rolex watch luxury car private jet parents refinance mortgage prom 2008: find a date before free drinks vs. after free drinks the shorty awards showed an in memoriam to vine and shan is crying now texting *sees a grown man with a hat that says daddy* me: hey dude. guy: yeah? me: just wanted to say the hat on your grown ass head says daddy just found out that some birds are named after baseball teams. so cool this album art is fucking great omg hope my crush doesn't see the playlist i made for her 2 high school dudes who had a viral juju on dat beat video 6 months ago me: if i bleached my hair it'd look cool hairdresser: ...hm me: ? hairdresser: i actually don't think it would im working with and recorded my first episode i made a popular meme - give it a listen today is the 20th anniversary of weed imagine a video streaming service that allows classic films and television to have a chance in the modern age started writing my first screenplay today when my facebook status gets 23 likes after being up for a week if you're a parent and your children aren't famous on musical.ly you're doing a great job manager: kendrick we need an album name.it's going live next week. kendrick: damn. manager: sure CARDBOARD BOYFRIEND hi how many RTs for a single slice of american cheese?? shit LOL same good morning to everyone except people who take elevators to floor 2 no jellybeans? wtf grandma jesus died for our sims why's this song sound like the singer was woken up from a nap and immediately started recording vocals while rumors of WW3 distracted us.the dude who asked wendys for free nuggets got verified on twitter for asking w went exploring today ur mcm retweets a selfie of his 3 separate times throughout the day for maximum engagement internet: wait trump dropped a bomb wtf? Trump, literally 5 months ago: I will bomb the hell out of isis. internet: oh.yea hey guys TIME interviewed me about a meme I made (for real) if twitter this past week was a person here he is we surprised Shan in vegas Fargo is exactly the show I needed to fill the void Breaking Bad has left me. What a fantastic series. Please consider watching it. an only child on #NationalSiblingsDay wish me luck guys does every chapter in a youtuber's book start off with hey what's up guys a meme me: what do alcoholic frogs like to do gf: idk?? me: bar hop gf: no me: but i gf: no just shotgunned a beer in our hotel shower and i found a nose ring impaled in my heel? no one in our party is missing a nose ring. when u walk into a pet store yo bro wanna come over and drop a bath bomb in the tub with me? your mcm eats sushi with a fork absolutely fuck yes plane hitting turbulence before xanax vs after xanax . new video streaming service with features like no other: surprise: i'm dropping a country album something i designed is it pronounced read receipts or read receipts Wedding Crashers (2005) Facebook: hey btw it's Randy McRandom's 29th birthday today *removes Randy McRandom as a friend* me: can i get a coke waitress: is pepsi okay me before kendall commercial: no me after kendall commercial: absolutely juat saw this comment on a video that was 60 secs long: 2 minutes of my life wasted sir if u hated it so much why did u watch it twice it's been over a year since the last one was posted. Girlfriend Scarecam 6 is now live. when a plane lands safely and everyone starts to clap i try my best to mix things up by yelling Boo as loud as i can anyone ever wonder what susan bones is up to? an extra large hot coffee eventually becomes a small lukewarm coffee text your best friend and call them a fucking loser but then say april fools haha *eating a salad* girlfriend: it's almost snail season *done eating salad* Tragic: Basketball Hoop Continues To Just Sit At Edge Of Driveway & Rust Away Ever Since Michael Moved Out Of His P hoping linkedin starts getting stories soon. really curious what that dude i met at that networking function is up to fuuck all of you idiots - neighbor who is mowing his lawn at 6:30am on a saturday compliments local twitter when one of their tweets gets 400 likes have fun alright is the universal conversation ender waking up hungover FUCK waking up on a monday FUCK waking up FUCK just dropped $44.73 on a meal to get one of these motherfuckers waitress: and here you go sweetie me: thank you me to girlfriend: i swear i don't know her had my first beer in almost a month and a half and i legit almost cried at how refreshing it was good ur mcm was on cash cab and got every question wrong white dude: lets start a podcast other white dude: fuck yes there will never be a better snapchat filter when u see a tweet that has 100k likes but it isn't funny youtube thinks these channels are related to me thoughts? the only thing trump has successfully passed as president was a kidney stone can't believe 4/20 is on the 25th this year :-/ I am _ that Trump is my President. It Unfollows #AddTwitterRuinAFilm new vid with netflix just released a feature that enhances your content consumption experience. I tested it out a bit and i go ur wcw has posted a hoodie pic like this on ig ur mcm watches youtube videos at 140p quality even tho he's got a reliable and fast internet connection one cool thing i can tell my grandkids is that i never posted a smash or pass youtube video to the internet wild day with my uber driver bro if u snagged one of these in zelda u could fly forever *friend starts playing guitar* me: ANOTHER TURNING POINT A FORK STUCK IN THE ROAD waitress: how do u like ur eggs? me: from a chicken waitress: omfg r u a comedian me: lmao yea ur mcm makes fun of student athletes because he was cut from the basketball team freshman year ur mcm believes in ghosts but doesn't believe in aliens *at burger king w/ girlfriend* cashier: are you guys together me: yes going on 4 years cashier: .who's paying for these chicken fries everyone: HAPPY SAINT- trump: north korea is a bitch and china doesn't do shit everyone: -.patrick's day happy holidays! close enough u ever think about these two and wonder wtf they're up to? new video with and and like if you want whoa. 4 years ago was when and i sold our first ever product. (it was a poster if you couldn dad: u find a job yet me: no but i found 65 more shrines in the legend of zelda breath of the wild ?? yo prom dresses changed a bit since i graduated high school i guess *enters apple store* me, holding 2 apples: which one is the granny smith genius: uh? me: answer the question genius: idk me: i knew it me 1 second after watching a beauty guru video vs me before watching it zach and kristen's reactions to cringe vines and musically's is perfect he didn't suit up? wtf this little dude pays me a visit when my tweets don't perform girl, flirting: wanna go on a run with me? edward scissorhands: bad idea i think girl, upset: whatever edward scissorhands: fuck can you email someone an Adderall i never smoked one cigarette my entire life *makes a finsta* doin some writing when i was 12 my friend dropped my razor scooter into a sewer and i had to just watch it rust away for months seeing someone u haven't talked to since high school post pictures of their wedding on facebook and u realize u wer #FlashbackFriday guy: venmo me for that uber? time traveler from 1997: what please buy a car! twitter: here are some people you may know. me: and? twitter: pls follow them? me: no twitter: ok ill show u them for another 2 months i wish he was a little better at texting The name of Trump's healthcare plan went through several revisions before it finally arrived at World's Greatest H . what's up dude lemme guess: 1. beard 2. average build 3. hilarious - legit anything they said was just super funny ? this poland team is a disgrace best buy geek squad when my computer gets fried from watching porn n im like idk whats wrong with it it just stop embarrassing play from poland quite honestly lol the itv camera man is so horny wtf lol im supposed to call my job n tell them they messed up my schedule but i cba today ill just do it tomorrow what an outstanding header japan is sick japan! soccer commentators love to say inject some pace lol yoshida has hops wtf lol bro this simply orange product placement.at least open the bottle lmao why are the fox sports world cup commentators just straight up arguing in the booth LMAO im going to smoke someweed and play runescape now and just cuz im not talking about every issue that doesnt mean i dont care or think they dont exist. the world is f i spent 7 years on this account being quiet when it mattered n never standing up for ppl who needed someone to stan ive gotta learn to stop giving attention to these fools cuz when it comes down to it their sick little perverts tha hey found ur twitter from ur boyfriends bio after he got in my mentions to defend xxxtentacion and say h i expect a lot of dumb shit out of this site but i definitely didnt expect the amount of people who got on twitter flat out: tell the women in ur lives i got on twitter to defend a guy whos been accused of beating up his pregnant im glad u have a girlfriend bro. does she know u get on twitter to say nobody knew the man about a dude who got o just make sure u keep this same energy for every death. i dont wanna see any of u mfers grave dancing if tomi lahr i might just have to log off today cuz every time i see another tweet calling for empathy for a guy who bragged abo sick of u fools. ill burn every bridge i got if it means waking u dudes up and helps u realize twitter clout doesn momyy what do i do all my followers are women hating pieces of shit cuz thats the following my tweets buil anyways the fact that u guys have no probs getting on here everyday quote tweeting normie local girls minding their mommy i cant tweet that the abuser was an abuser cuz he died and i dont wanna upset my rapper friends cuz then i just stop trying to play the quiet game, trust me its the easiest way out i know all about it cuz i used to do it im so sick of u demons who cant feel empathy for people unless if they can get u a fucking job or introduce its a shame u dont need a spine to tweet huh damn its weird how all these dudes who get online to make jokes at womens expenses all day are just silent or hav u guys are so lost im going back to bed lol day 2: yall still want me to feel empathy for that mother fucker huh lol 2 hours past my bed time . i even had to unfollow kina shen on IG. now its sad ! this guy and his wife kissed their newborn son goodnight and then hopped on instagram to defend xxxtentacion. god p im gonna pray that kid has someone outside of his parents at some point cuz man their IQ is a combined 32 at most l im trapped in a simulation you. have. a. child. a man and woman with a newborn 4 week old child r beefing with me cuz i dont like a dead rapper. 2018 guy on ig just told me he hopes my mom has to bury me too and i go to his profile n his last pic is him with his ne never thought id see the day im fed up! im pissed off im gonna keep losing respect for people today huh lmao i cant even stop laughing. every time i read another tweet from someone. mom said i dont have to go to my remedial summer school math class tomorrow so i can mourn :( having some good dialogue with the smartest people in the world keep the same energy tune in next week when ur woke male heroes go back to being like men are trash! tekashi is cancelled! so girls will dm them lmao u fellas are fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fa if u dont kno what side to take in this situation guess what ur on the wrong side lmao he beat and abused his pregnant girlfriend. that doesnt go away cuz he wanted to help his fans with the sads. go aw all u mfers are all about being against abusers but when one gets what he deserves u like prayers up! no1 deserves this! lmao we see all u ppl tweeting prayers up are sus lmao he fell off a chair reaching for the cookie jar and hit his head on the corner of the table, dying instantly the lizard sips the beverage rest in piece to xxxtentaction who died today when his mom left him home alone and a tv fell on top of him he taught me it was ok to be weird LMAoo december 21st 2010: guy said his gfs been unconscious for 24 hours but he was giving her water so he thinks shell be okay one thing ive always wanted to do is break a glass bottle one someones face its so hot im going to ride my skateboard directly into a brick wall the only drugs ive ever done before are weed, meth, vicodin, oxy, crack, and h could anyone tell me the effects fo well if fortnite is digital heroin.and i think fortnite is cool af.then that can only mean one thing. guy who just started smoking crack while playing fortnite at his friends: u know they call this game digital heroin ur honors student is stealing ur prescriptions n playing fortnite n u wanna take away the fortnite lmao parents man make no mistake playing fortnite is a form of mental illness lmaoo @ parents who think their kids are addicted to gaming when in reality they are slamming lines of stims.then gaming smh i just realized i gotta switch planes thursday night n i only got like 15 minutes to do it.ur boy is gonna be i cant remember last week but i can remember a decade ago when my parents bought me a portable dvd player from walm Well, I like to think i am a functioning addict BUT. PERAMBANNED? I dOnt care via ever since that person did a thread about old TCC highlights ive spent the last 3 days all day just reading drug ho i been telling u fools for years baby came out the womb like whos got mid gm out of bed for 15 mins.time to get back into bed.its one of those days folks how i sleep 8 hours a night and still wake up feeling like im close to death me depressey wish i had a time machine remember when i just took some pills i found on the ground at work. that was normal this guy will cure cancer soon i've finally got it! (damn i'm smart) (r/opiates) dam i got trident and kraken tentacle in the same task lol arctic monkeys bang i love to kick back and relax kind of regretting all the time i said i would like to be possessed by a demon now that i feel a demonic presence in my life politics is always happening and just like that my astrology app tells me im going to have work and love life frustrations today. go figure! my dad has a barbed wire tattoo so u know hes legit now im gonna need all the single ladies in the club tonight to reach into their wallets pull out 5 dollars and say this chart has been renamed to the lahren cycle credit to sorry for ranting im just sick of these guys who think they know my life better than me. trust me i know all my fla just cuz i tweet like im putting all the blame on other people trust me i kno im at fault for most of the shit but ill get on this acc and complain about the same thing all day every day if i wanna bitch if ur sick of me bitching about my job: just unfollow me lmao its my twitter account im tweeting about my shitty dumbass life the fact that i already changed my availability once cuz they asked me to just for them to go outside of it anyways im just trying to be like ok i can call and they'll be like oh sorry we didnt mean to schedule you during those tim whatever im just not thinking about it. im going to have fun on vacation and when they call me and ask where im at i fucking hate this man i am so stressed im dying lmao bro im so heated i was excited to work and start this job lmao and i cant even get thru training without them fucki the job hunt begins again LMAo i told em im out of town if im scheduled for those days im not comin they said no issue then scheduled me anyways lmao what the fuck holy shit i didnt know the valid forms of IDs to sell alcohol and its making me retake this entire course i just made a quick little chart for you guys im about to start calling fools out when i see that shit i dont care if theyre ur buddies lmao they arent funny did u guys see how hard we owned that girl? lmao she got on fox news cuz of it. anyways can someone donate to my g fuck yeah you guys found another girl taking pics with guns to make famous FUCK YEAH FUCK YEA this is by and far away my favorite trump reply ever wearing a dr disrespect shirt under my work shirt today just in case an opportunity arises to cheat on my wife fuck it im goin for it i gotta take a shower before work but everyone in the house is sleeping whats the protocol my dudes im pretty sure the stuff i have to do at work today isnt gonna take more than an hour. i shoulda just did it yester woke up cuz i 100% heard my text alert.looked at my phone. no texts. ladies what if jon taffer looked at ur coochie and yelled shut it down! every time lmao im sleepy af the mid do be sellin. day 1: if i want to do *insert insanely hard drug here* than thats my choice. ive never been addicted to a drug bef elon! bring that thick ass over here this instant! dude the funniest thing ever is all these dudes who thought eyeballing drugs meant literally putting the powder into ur eye every morning donald trump puts pcp in his covfefe and says its the spice of life lil uzi can def cast powerful incantations and spells what do you think the triangle means? #illuminati #flatearth #flatearthers lmaoo just got another trident. my lucky day! mgmt just came on in this joy division playlist im listening to.now im thinking about that electric feel listening to radiohead im gonna be real once you start saying numbers to me my brain shuts down hey, my homie wants to talk to u, hes over there the homie: mfs think their cool cuz they can comprehend speech on the first listen what my job doesnt know is none of this MATTERS cuz im going to be attacked and eaten by a puma in the mountains next weekend my favorite shit at work is saying hi to customers that arent paying attention. made like 80 year old jump today th anyways for whatever reason i work in a bakery and now also know the proper disposal methods for hazardous waste ch lmao they built this world cup stadium on a swamp so its slowly sinking into the ground what the hell also why i have 2+ hours of training on sales of alcohol and cigarettes to do tomorrow when i work in a bakery is beyond me lmao not entirely sure when my first day of actual work is cuz nobody has told me and the schedule is blank still lol when the training module is only 45% complete but youve done all the computer work assigned and theres no managers a customer fucked up a display and their friend said clean up the mess u made n they said why? i dont work here 2 hours into workplace learning modules: my mind is numb but on the bright side ONLY 6 more hours to go messi couldnt even get one past a dude that works at blockbuster on the weekends messi watching ronaldo be the best player ever now you know i love soccer, BUT i also love the great checking accounts at my local wells fargo damn i wonder why a lot of people in america dont take the sport seriously lmao alright i suppose ill get ready for work. day 3. dont remember where i put my uniform anyways one of the guys on the fox halftime desk was very obviously on his phone and the host didnt realize and ask john strong: good attempt by sigurdsson there stu holden: Iceland is a Nordic island country in the North Atlantic taylor twellman is always ready to talk about his time playing soccer for whoever he played for. must not be that g i just want iceland to lose cuz its their first game and im already sick of hearing about how their goal keeper w lmaoo iceland stinks wow i love iceland's strategy of win the ball back and instantly kick it right back to argentina's defenders when babies are born in britain the parents dont name them they just pick if theyre gonna grow up to have an arse mfers live in britain talking about their first amendment rights buddy if u dont get back to work on ur boat on the river thames feeling braindead this morning cuz i accidentally read a bunch of tweets from runescape players saying its censors fucked up for there to be a storm keeping me awake when i have work in the morning! did a lot of reading tonight. feel smarter just bench pressed a car getting into research chemicals. fuck the fda wowweewowwoo :) its not too late for me to start a noise band should have gotten married and lived on a farm what a match dude ronaldo mann what a damn goal im on that bubly now who else is gonna try and fail to wake up for the france game tomorrow morning miss when david silva had surfer boy hair diego costa absolute unit has anyone else tried writing a book yet i am stoned out of my gourd at the grocery store and i almost bought 12 reeses peanut butter cups (i am not allowed to eat peanut butter) at a rival store just fucking shit up with a bat any world cup teams need a right back im still available i dont understand that own goal? like he could have kicked it he was the only one near it? can anyone tell me the bbc pundit dude with glasses in between games lol lmao if that wasnt his own goal that would have been a beautiful header which makes me think: did he think that was did he forget where he was lol wtf the world cup is awesome oh WOW dude he cant even walk on his own keep him out of the game holy shit bro can one of these guys please finish one of these beautiful crosses lol im weeping for amrabat british girls love betting website advertisements im so lit for this game bro they silenced jesus too its about time we got some proper english talent! why dont they just let every country in the world cup well now im the guy that smokes weed and listens to joy division. great. lovely big storm happening. girl whom post doggo :*) imagine losing in the 90th after not subbing salah on lol wow that save if they bring salah on they will score dude duude me wanty salah!! bring him on ! the thing i love most about the world cup is how these guys are at top form with one goal in mind: bringing home a when a man knows what he WANTS i love being a gamer that never quits or gives up! i love being a laker fan thats mad that the players currently on the team enjoy goofing off online and playing wit bands from indiana love to make music about the irish potato famine its time to cross party lines n start stabbin oh okay so i see what they did they turned the p upside down and its burgers now. got it my favorite thing is stories of people being so high they looked at their reflection in the mirror and thought of a STREAM NOTICE: i will be streaming this game in the near future. date TBD 91 slayer im shifting focus off of becoming a CEO for the time being and instead focusing on stopping elon musk full time bears only do this when they're depressed sugar were going down juuling just listening to my first smiths song is there a les than 0 chance that the world cup is fixed lol alright 1 week to vacation time to diet there really are mfers that reminisce about the radio eating spicey chicken strip from culvers imagine being unable to stop listening to tekashi 69 lol u kno i might be fat and tweet about runescape all day but at least im not getting online to hop into peoples menti protected his account wonder what happened 19 followers avi is a picture of a person that isnt me only retweet meme accounts alright time to share my its funny how these dudes follow u but the second u call them out on their dumbass opinions ur tweets are trash and bazonga for a country that spends so much on weapons saudi arabia sure hates defense. telling this joke on saturday nig Had a colonoscopy today. My doctor was actually Russian. Now THAT is what I call RUSSIAN MEDDLING! They put me to wtf is akinfeev doing its wild how the us mens team couldnt manage to get in over these fellas lol not the best football to be sure oh fuck we got goal line technology every group dm has one of these: START THE GAME this dudes name is vladimir vladimir bro russia got someones granddad on the team lol WORLD CUP WORLD CUP WORLD CUP if we cant listen to people who have committed a crime then who can we listen to? - mfs with 400 followers who wi if u wanna sellout ur morals to listen to a few soundcloud rappers who think they're untouchable and can do whateve its possible for the musicc to be good and for the person making it to be a huge POS that doesnt deserve ur support this is what xxxtentacion fans look like after a long day of posting that girls a liar x is real af bro mfers spend 12 hours in strangers mentions saying if this really happened they why didnt they go to jail? about time to get online and defend tekashi 69 cuz im 13 years old and i think he holds a valued place in rap history lol time to eat tonights ass kim jong uns first words to donald trump were happy hump day sir to watch donald trump said nary a hump in sight my good friend! in the market for new crushes my instagram follows have been seriously slacking oi! you can throw a dog on anything and people will support it drinkin cold brew at 9:31 pm ready to truly be midwest and start a family #thankyougod teens in the past: lets do the twist! teens now: lets eat tide pods! LIKE and RETWEET if you AGREE! #trumprussia rellik army bitch giddy up giddy up giddy up up do me and elon musk have beef? certainly got fired from today! but its alright because elon let me suck his dick on the way out the door one last time! i love to climb up the side of pretty much any building holy shit i just realized im the coworker that smokes and listens to the misfits outside of work on his breaks. oh no the phillie phanatic is a foul demon i love listening to skate or die knowing damn well i almost break my arm every time i get on my skateboard u kno when u hear a bagpipe in a rock song its gonna be about a boat or a factory team leader: what do you do when you see someone stealing? me: pull out my gun and just start blastin em my only goals: 1. become ceo 2. not have a single person i work with find out about my twitter AND i get paid every week and i got tomorrow + friday off yee yee also im pretty sure i got scammed into wearing a fucking hairnet whatever im all about food safety theres a starbucks inside my work oh no also 2 of my coworkers in the bakery are twins so my stoned ass is never getting their names right day 2 of my job: had a man say bakery isnt that for women to me to which i said i think they let anyone work there now ok im at work day 2 of orientation starts in 3 minutes and i am falling very sleep y going to work in 5 mins yall need anything i should have taken a nap lol im so tired idk how im gonna do day 2 of 4 hours of learning the dude who owns the store served in a war or some shit u need ur license to survive, if u dont own a car you will die - mfs who sit at roundabouts for 20 minutes cuz th baby boomers that still use flip phones and cant work computers love lecturing u like they got the world figured out im very low energy today not to play devils advocate but *just says the stupidest fucking take over* quake champions is free on steam until the 18th fyi learning how to wield a box cutter at work today :) honestly life is good. im probably going to get hit by a car soon to balance the scales but thats okay my face is so damn smooth showah time, adderall *takes a drag from a cig* it aint easy stockin bakery kid. so i found out yesterday that they pretty much fired the entire bakery staff and hired me + 5 new ppl. so essential 23 seems like a good age to become the guy that only listens to shit like black flag and the misfits my timeline is way too horny for 7:37 AM on a wednesday can u guys chill sounds about white honey i have spain losing to egypt in the first round of knockouts now LOL i was really hoping this tweet would end with Gods plan accidentally fell asleep with the light on and also slept like dog shit! getting into a very high tower to scout the land for a wife i need a lava lamp asap countryy girl I am warm and i am bored first attempt (this is like a mix of ed sheeran does harry potter) im pretty stoned and cant remember what a britis im about to make bank stocking bread or some shit its time to get real dumb with my money listening to the misfits girls love making their sims pregnant hereditary is now a muted word i will nevber have to see it :) ? anyways day 1 at my job complete. still not sure what im doing yet but i definitely work at the bakery still any movie that requires me to theorycraft about what happened after seeing it sux ! ah hew this is me impersonating a guy that works in a bakery owee good horror movie that the entire theater spent talking and laughing during lol the best point in the movie was when the dude 2 seats down from me said can they get this over with lmao at no point in that movie did i give a fuck what was going to happen add hereditary right next to it follows as a movie yall hype up that sucks azz lol im going to see hereditary and im super fucking high dude oh no nvm i smoked weed and calmed down about it lol the last time i stood up to my uncles bullshit he straight up kicked me out that night but i was a pussy 18 year ol came home from work and found out my uncle smoked all the weed in my grinder without asking so guess whos getting hahahaha didnt get fired suckas i love my jo vaping outside of work my first day like the true degenerate i am if theres one thing we know about north korea its the great beaches with lots of open real estate! i think its messed up that during new member orientation my old job never addressed the company's ties to the mafia imagine me putting on a monocle and smoking from a wooden pipe when i say this: ah yes, he is showing signs of bei alright also the new thing is calling anyone who disagrees with me an incel, even if they have kids or whatever, dont care, INCEL! well im awake 3 hours before my first day of work cuz my stomach feels like i ate glass and i cant breathe out of my nose. a good start my new favorite thing ive been noticing on twitter is libs saying really dumb opinions, getting ratiod, and inste im sleep h almost forgot to set an alarm to wake up for work lol good start bird the train is back. every punk song is about about a pub in glasgow or a girl in the midwest my neighbor is just sitting in his car loudly listening to the scorpions band to avoid his wife ok my phone is working but also not working whatever i need a new one anyways it makes sense that my phone bricks just hours after doing an ios update lmaoo fuck MY life uh i think my phone just bricked lol very loud train outside of my window.what could it mean sony bruhh lol trump: they turned the p upside down! its ihob now! kim jong un: ur kidding me! what a joke! the last of us 2: girlfriend simulator my fat ass is going hiking in vail next week im gonna pass out and die in the mountains i hate to brag but *heh* my name is quite big in the impressionist community im killing it on god family and football twitter tonight #roseanne #tango #down this is what my idea of what an extra in a ninja turtles movie from 1993 sounds like holy shit every time im short on cash i find a zammy hasta in my bank i wonder if this level 98 with bludgeon and full bandos that just asked me where spiritual creatures are has ever bought gold before lol walking around the house with a candlestick at night starting a misfits cover band listening to turnstile and breaking my own wrists yeet bout to go mudding in my ford f-150 with extended cab nice NICE i still havent figured out if this is real if i go to ihop tomorrow will it say iho ill stop hating on ihob if they give me some free shit sometimes u just know.congrats to pete and ariana on whats sure to be a long marriage i want hannibal buress to punch me. just knock me clean out dude hey guys just came up with this idea for a new restaurant, its a pancake place and its called ihop holy shit that skateboarding game they had at e3 was a kickstarter game LOL last item i need to buy to have all the gear i need is dfs the grind begins brand new impression hitting the streets: jim carrey when he was in those movies elon musk and grimes prolly talk in their own language that nobody else knows by now just found out what yung pinch looks like twitter has never suspended a single person whos harassed me or anyone ive ever reported but they suspended reaghan casual reminder bryan silva pointed a gun at a teenage girl after she told him she thought she was pregnant he has been canceled every time a brand does something like this we fall for it because its FUN and i LIKE IT what did the ihob chef say when he sprained his ankle? ihobble doing a stand up set on saturday night live with this joke tune in hell is real talk is cheap, lets talk purchases - the big business man gonna start casually saying that i can fix the subway until a rich guy overhears and is like well would u like som im the person who saw the ihop news and immediately got into my car to try them out the burgers are probably just fine too lmao u kno theres like one guy who works at ihop whos sitting at his desk rn like i told u fuckers this was stupid bu world leader: *fires off a nuke* everyone in the world: *in my very normal real human being voice* ah yes! this is thinking about starting a youtube channel called the video game leftist where all my takes are shit like mario i put for people outside of gaming you have to think what happens when one of these gamers gets their hands on a rea im just thinking about how hilarious it would be if i got fired from my job on the first day for revealing im going on vacation next weekend my only memory of ihop is them bringing my senile ass grandpa the wrong order and him yelling about bringing them up on charges just realized its not april 1st so what the fuck is ihop doing im going to sleep tomorrow is my last day as a free man (i start working a retail job again tuesday) time to find me 1 girlfriend worst shit about having a job is i have to know what day it is now when u see.elder scroll. bnuy skyrim game you load the cannon with 30 cannonballs who wanna teach me raids 1 in a few weeks YES i am a THOT. YES i am VOLCEL we exist they had to make the main character a girl cuz it wouldnt make sense to have a male character lose his mind and betray people can they just let this series die this story doesnt sound interesting at all man oh man gears of war funko pops! fricking epic! def getting those for the wifey! xD i loved dying light 1 that game was so fun ill def play 2 u already kno im playing this cute ass fox game omgg the runescape discord is nuts rn ok so.not skate SKATE?? more lack of girlfriend related content at e3! not too pleased! the division 2: drumpfs america ! me gamer. me talk like this. im still excited for we happy few tbh it should be required to use a song by massive attack for every video game trailer imo more cartoon games this is now the point of e3 where i come to terms that i cant afford all the games i think look good so far lol metro looks dope crackdown 3 is literally the most dated looking game ever. this looks like it came out 5 years ago LMAAoO WHAT IS THIS DISNEY ORIGINAL MOVIE VIDEO GAME IS THAT SUFJAN LMAoO fallout 76: far cry 4 times the size of fallout 4 isnt a good thing cuz that game was too big for my small brain video games baby awo theyre back theyre good again! now this is a game! alright fuck yes this game looks sick alright microsoft opening with a game for babies thats good my dms have been reopened bro im so sick of battle royale games lmao why are they releasing 3 gears of war games this year lmao wait all that for this game lmaoo dude i hate this so much this e3 is fricking EPIC XD this taste mad good just took some more ibuprofen once it stops working ill call the dentist hahA :) computer: beep boop beep boop elon musk: thats what good pussy sounds like spilled vape juice all over myself and now i smell like clown cum my uncle is attempting to make mac and cheese pizza from scratch this is going to either be awesome or awful no in between i hate when im just trying to relax and that hey soul sister aint that mr mister on the radio stereo the way you mo alright i will pull my tooth out on instagram live for like.$7000 dollars also the problem is the same tooth ive already had 2 surgeries on, im sure my dentist just missed something like t either way not spending money on the dentist so i hope whatever it is just fucking kills me lol i know God is real and he hates me cuz he gave me a job and let me be happy for precisely 2 days before deciding it how do i tell a dentist sometimes my tooth hurts insanely bad and he says looks good to me idk and now im losi theres nothing like waking up at 2 am cuz ur tooth hurts so bad u cant sleep. my dentist is such a fraud bro lol im sleep bye something tells me tomorrows gonna be a good day the most psycho thing about me is i pretend that im actually talking to my friends dog when i comment on the dogs instagram oi bruv im high lol got 92 attack, 90 slayer and 89 mage todday brutal red dragons: they aint all they cracked up to be kid i actually dont want ninja to stop talking cuz hes dumb enough and self righteous enough to say something and get c lmao its actually really dangerous to share ur awful mental health opinions on stream when u very obviously have no i love when the video game streamer ninja says depression is a choice lol bitch my skin is glowing im glad the expert of taking care of yourself weighed in my toothache is gone im ready to love again every time i think finally bought everything i need for any task i could get i need to buy somethin smh any1 kno how much gear for raid 1 costs lol chewbacca mom.we hardly knew ye. mny face is melting was in some of the worst pain ever until i took precisely 4 ibuprofen which means i definitely need to go to the de also apparently i graduated high school 5 years ago. im retired now its been 2 years. alright im finally ready to wear my retainer people love to talk about their time working in media its time for me to invest in a boat just found a 9 hour long playlist with all the need for speed soundtrack songs on it seeya i think my bank is up to 150m now :) we need to bring the word of our good and just Lord back into the public schools and we need to expel the teachings unmarked white van across the street cant fool me :) everyone in the idf lives in a shoe together thats it huh lol alright its a good thing they stopped that gameplay video at something that might have been interesting to watch ok so this is destiny we talking destiny u kno what if these are the games were coming up with maybe we should just stick to battle royale games EA, im just saying, its a self defense situation if you come at me outside of your apartment at night EA busted out the big guns this year with an android phone game im in hell oh my god they are showing a fucking mobile game at e3 lmao i hate losing way more than i love winning wow this madden pro just changed mny brain the song in this unraveled trailer sounds like its saying my queen dont cum misogyny is alive in video games we had a rough start is one way to put it hell yea a prequel video game. people love the prequels alright now we're past doing demos of games and are now doing demos of paid subscription services they really have so little to show about fifa that they are talking about a trophy on stage all weekend LMAo BATTLEFIELD ROYALE IM OUTTA HERE LMAo the battlefield devs were like would u guys like to READ while gaming? oh shit. its the most innovative battlefield game yet MEATY GAMING EA about to hop on the stage like have yall heard of this madden game theres a guy on the e3 stream who looks like that comedian that called a bomb threat on a train.good start lmao i work in a bakery n play runescape all day if u think im special thats on u im just havbing a good time if u r a stranger to me why would i want to see u in my mentions making jokes at my expense all the time lol wouldnt care if u folks were funny and not just mean lmao seeya this whole time i thought the kid from the walking dead died IRL but it was just on the show. hes playing fortnite WATCH: entitled millennial brat asking for healthcare gets his ass whooped by wounded veteran god please stop trying to be funny below my tweets lol at what point in my tweet did i complain about needing 8000. i swear to god you people cant read on the january 2nd episode of jeopardy alex trebek says 8000 dollars isnt a lot to start the new year god it must be nice to be rich. every dog thats every played lassie was a male. hollywood truly sickens me congrats to for the big jeopardy win while he was away from the stream this week holy shit this dude on jeopardy said prince's album was named purple he was so confident lmao give me a chance coach, put me in the game im ready to make a play theres nothing more embarrassing than confidently yelling out a jeopardy answer and being wrong good journalism is some guy in kentucky using his phone to film his computer screen while he exposes government sec good heavens garcon this kush is loud! could i trouble you for some mid good sir? whip drop ez 2.5m im so high i just had to look up the lyrics to an a perfect circle song cuz i was hearing taught me how to weed th earth could be flat. never know the only thing i care about is the bottom line need an angelina jolie impersonator for a mr and mrs smith impersonation for a father's day work event. we can split the $50 trump says you're fired! to millennials in this EPIC father's day speech just cuz they havent found the edge of our flat earth yet that doesnt mean its not there will be releasing an album of all my impressions, available only on tidal, thanks jay-z for the sweet deal *la dispute voice* i look out my window and i see a bird i say to myself i dont trust that bird how to cure depression: 1. smoke so much weed u shift planes of existence 2. get a job in a bakery putting bread o honestly guthans spec is so good. hitting once every 10 hits for 5 dmg is awesome crow on the windowsill. thats never good kina shen absolutely has permission to kill me please kick me in the back of my skull miss my skin is glowing 6:53 am perfect time to like all the horny posts i missed by falling asleep at 10 pm, causing them all to appear on imagine being in the idf lmao u go home for dinner n ur significant other is like how was work u big pussy did u s its gonna be so awesome when henry kissinger dies i cant wait to spend 24 hours dunking on that 54 war crime com had a cool dream last night, in this dream i was the passenger of a car, and a man i dont know got into the driver its fucked up how they keep starting wars every time they run out of army soldiers to bring out at kids graduation suppose ive got nothin better to do than go to bed ~text it~ hate living in a barn i hate when i have 0 girlfriends and 0 gigs impersonating famous celebrities much to think about. perfect not again the joker: any last words barack obama: heh, i was just about to ask you the same thing a good way for me to never take you seriously ever is to play that fuckin realm royale game lmaoo gtfo time to play hq trivia while extremely high and get the first question wrong again im the kind of guy that likes to kick back while wearing a bowler hat and smoke a nice cigar while being terrified oopen the curtains ah hew my friends wife just yelled at him cuz there was a link to a girls twitch stream in our discord (yes the link was from me) sitting on the windowsill smoking a cig listening to the xx and looking at the city skyline. fuck it i joined the army my trip to denver is canceled! bring back the mural! dont wanna look at that broad real sick of seeing that gun girl on my timeline. whats ur guys deal 96 str bye bye bludgeon you got sauce all over the coupons! hey everybody its me norm, the wacky politician who sends tweets and possesses taste for blood that hasn't been quenched in millennia i wonder if i get paid during training next week. that would be cool. then ill tell them about vacation lol thank you to all the brave people on this website who could screenshot that dudes bad tweet so we could see the ratio. we got him! she hasnt streamed in 6 days.will i be alone forever good one you should take it on tour save your money, move out of your apartment, live with your parents, get a job, spend your money on sneakers lmao ive been employed 3 days and im already on grailed making some popcorn and sipping an ice cold pepsi. kicking back and relaxing i am so fucking high men haha i passed the background check it pays to steal identities everyone wants to be the guy who gets the viral tweet calling someone out for being problematic. they also wanna be why i gotta log on and read 30 tweets about kanye being canceled then those same 30 people are tweeting who got a link to the new kanye if someone says that a problematic artists new album isnt that good, i only like 1-2 songs that actually means it the world would be a better place if jake and logan paul were joint-presidents just make sure when ur constantly bringing a certain energy to ur timeline that ur irl actions reflect that energy as well alright fellas who we canceling on the TL just to listen to their music in private today everyone to the right of me is a nazi and everyone to my left will be exposed as a sex pest someday. amen jfk's final words were jackie what are you doing out here with all that ass and if thats not #relationshipgoals then i dont know what is! now that im employed i can go back to buying dumb shit again lol seeya suckers going to bed busy day tomorrow working on my impersonations gonna astral project myself into my friends dreams tonight and harass the shit out of them all i need is amulet of torture and prims and im all set finally got the gold to afford everything i need on rs to be happy hehe im all about trying something new im soo tired i would rather die than do mournings end part 2 also btw i am looking for an girlfriend no1 ever finishing that raid but me sorry boys get a load of this guy. talk about delusional lol 290th task 200 fire giants lol why i will arm wrestle the gun girl im too high to think about bryan silva rn man put me in the hospital hit my vape too much and the room is starting to spin anyways im looking for new gigs, maybe you know someone with a birthday coming up whos looking for someone to do impersonations also ive never actually heard ed sheeran speak. could sound like anything really new impression ive been working on today. its really rough this is my first day attempting this one logging on to retweet racismdog posts. doing my activism for the year! ur mum had to hop thru 60+ worlds to find an open kraken z the older i get the more i look like the guy from fall out boy. disaster. time to log online and tell a complete stranger to get on a diet. i can do this cuz i follow them which gives me permission to be an asshole i dont need shit motha fucka YES i am a method actor, much like jared leto or daniel day-lewis normally when im innocent i factory reset my phone before giving it to investigators BREAKING: I am pleased to announce I will be overseeing basketball operations for the on an interim basis! my mom used to have a 101 commandments for a happy home thing on the bathroom wall and when i was younger my acti british people love to sing solemn hymns about world war 2 just finished the new runescape raid. it was easy you think its easy being me? you think its easy having to walk down the street and hear hey is that brad pitt? wh why'd you delete the tweet man all i can ask is if ur gonna be rude can u at least be funny or creative. its all in fun then heh, obama chuckled, what ARE those? something to keep an eye on: my dad and uncle are very close to getting in a fight because my dad keeps hiding the me: *posts something meant to be funny, just trying to have a good time online* some guy with 75 followers and an your mom did too aw man a tweet with a picture of me in it went viral which means ive had the joy of reading some of the funniest c goodnight suckas alright fellas what lucid dream soundwaves video we falling asleep to miss please one titdy for a veteran my cousin asked me if im stoned and i said right now? listening to the orwells 89 slayerr 20 fl oz redbull str8 to the brain whats that young pope up to these days the only requirement to be in a british punk band factory experience british punk music is all about working on boats or some shit . 50 kc already got kraken tentacle hehe a lot of people have been saying i look like brad pitt when he was 25 that is a normal collar. find a new slant .sip place your bets now. I picked Spain to win the #WorldCup! Play World Cup Tournament Pickem on for a chance to win cash prizes! looking at jose mourinhos world cup predictions and picking the exact opposite of everything he did melania trump makes me wanna take out a $725 dollar loan from the local bank and make improvements to my farm. shes u folks need to WAKE UP and realize that the NEWS happens other places btw. most people dont realize this but there put xxxtentacion in one of those big garbage bins hes been struggling to climb out like a rat for 6 hours i took a shower and the entire time i thought about how theres a real person whos best movie list goes 1. star wa jacob wohl def jacks off to melania trump i fell asleep listening to one of those 8 hour lucid dreaming videos and got the best sleep of my life so the last jedi sucked they should take all the copies of that movie in the world and burn them. not cuz it had women imagine being this loud and wrong about something my wife is perfectly healthy and normal, she just talks in riddles not yet cracked or understood by humans and any horse would Waiting. thats a good bot woke up 2 hours after falling asleep, pissed off! listening to sound waves that promote positive dreaming i wanna bash some rats with a stick! early night tonight.bad streak of slayer tasks resulted in me losing all my points i need 100m irl and on rs stat we live in a society id be much more likely to read if i knew how to just sold yodel kid 6 percs beat up you're local jill stein voter sometime that do be like mid it hitting that never heard a deal that was too good to be true Thank you for your cooperation, citizen. drinking some stupid bitch juice i went to college so i could make this my mind.unlocked. u already kno im vaping on the bread my first job in the bakery: bust up any union efforts so excited to have a job where i dont have to talk to customers ever i bake bread and i make bread damn my first job making over 10/hr how am i gonna fuck this one up please do not call my old boss that i ghosted o i work in a bakery now lmaok this bitch just secured $10.80 an hour my dad called me like not sure if ill be home in time to take u to ur interview and i was like oh dont worry about it really i insist animals like when you test products on them thank god their getting rid of social security i could never remember that number anyways alright last hit of weed before the interview lol damn if they're taking the office off netflix where will people get their personalities from some fellas think they're 1 donation away from dating a twitch streamer im thinking about the news and the tunes baby shocking daddy gave dobby his cummies dobby.is.free waait holy fuck i just realized the world cup is this month. i cannot get this jo my big issue with vampyr is that this guy becomes a vampire and goes who has done this to me, they must pay and n i cannot fucking believe a come to brazil ass bitch called me an ugly bitch. i just gasped like one of the girls from mean girls he should step down from life next, if you know what i mean, im talking about dying people! #DennisMillerOption *i lean back in my chair very slightly and my gun falls out of its holster and discharges* it would be a good bit to go to this interview high and when they ask me for my goals at the job i say take your job having visions of a guy that calls it traders joe anyone smarter than me know what time i need to stop smoking weed so im sober by 4 PM central them: so why do u want this job? me: i need weed money and its been a long time since i smoked in a parking lot on a companies dime had an extremely vivid vision in which i used all my self sabotage tactics to not get this job later and they still the only reason jacob wohl likes trump so much is cuz hes trying to get pardoned from some overdue library books he has im go to bed unpopular opinion: titdy my diet is going so poorly u still cant prove to me that kylie jenner isnt the lead singer of terror jr completely ruined my new boots by stepping in a fat log of shit! darth maul freaks in the pussy my travel quota for the year has been met alright alright im goin to denver lets get this guy some pussy master gave dobby some coochie. dobby.is.free. i like how every movie nic cage is in its like the director said yea nic just do whatever u want man ill be over here where theres smoke theres fire. i wonder how long the naming process behind the flashbang took having a normal day online, not committing any treason at all! where mny legs go awful look for *glomps you* UwU :*) #DennisMillerOption kurt cobain was weird xD me stressey i got the last rainbow swirl halo top im so blessed you mind running that by me again but this time dumb it down to the stupidest you can people who read the da vinci code as teens are all master codebreakers now strategies for tomorrows interview: 1. shoot myself in the leg leaving the house to get out of it 2. throw a flashbang in the office im so tired waking up every hour when sleeping is taking a toll on me! listening to a song called i feel exhausted while feeling exhausted im about to come into some money* *my landlord is mailing me my security deposit the hubster got me pregnant le epic style xD thinking about a guy that announces the birth of his child by saying my wife had le epic win today i love to tell people im having a fine time people forget that jacob wohl's only friend is his dad cuz that's how they did it in 1920 where he came from the universe owes us chief keef killing tekashi cuz of *waves hand at the last 2 years* my spotify discover weekly whips ass this week ! chyeah! would u rather fuck bryan silva or jacob wohl *extremely normal person voice* the AVERAGE college student spends more time having FUN than they do in the classr would anybody like to fuck my friend jacob. hes cool and very normal he just doesnt get out much damn smoked some weed and instantly stopped caring about all the issues amazing people do know they dont have to preface well wishes for artists going thru shit with never really fucked with the *adjusts bow tie* heh, ive got a lot on my plate right now how these mfers ask me so when are you getting a job when they know i have a job interview tomorrow casual reminder that i am both INNOCENT of ALL CRIMES and also im legally allowed to pardon myself of any crime the fabric of reality will crumble if trump pardons himself while yelling im innocent so we absolutely must let this happen ive actually taken every tweet from soomeone else. i just find scrubs with 50 followers and take their best shit. t *extremely SNL writers room after i got a job there after sending in a bunch of other peoples tweets as my own* so good lord i just realized my blanket has tweety bird, tasmanian devil, bugs bunny and sylvester the cat on it. a tr #3 dam just found out this streamer i watch is 30 n lives wit his parents. me as hell if anyone was wondering how white i am i got a sunburn after digging holes in the garden for 15 minutes today i absolutely hate when a deranged killer hangs me from a meat hook. powerful aura. 446k to 99 thieving hehe listening to slipknot smoking mid sipping a beer and eating leftover fried rice until morale improves and my brain works again maybe i should eat feelimg very dumb cuz my brain is malfunctioning and i cant figure shit out that should be easy for me :) feeling awfully depressed today hah :) thinking of ways to sabotage my own interview on tuesday can twitter please stop snitching on my likes literally 3 seconds after liking something these stab wounds got nic cage honkin like a goose i have a big question after like 3 weeks of nonstop horror movies: why dont they just run? guys who @ girls go to bed! :P watching a movie about nic cage going insane and trying to kill his own kids or somethin idk the worst thing about bad horror movies is when u get 34 minutes in and nothing has happened and you realize ur watching a bad horror movie ok yea premiere is simple im pretty sure. so far the first minute of this video is just this girl making coffee for some reason. still waiting to learn premi my dad walked in on me smoking mid last night today is going to go exactly as planned i have 12 hours to get as close to 99 thieving as possible and the rest of 15 minutes until i will be ready to get out of bed pretty sure i figured out adobe premiere last night. shits simple you just click around for an hour and hope to GOD it works trying to stay educated on many subjects at once he died as he lived: looking extremely cool and chill the fbi agent who shot his gun after doing a backflip is now dead sleepyy does anyone use headphones in bed or is that just movies reality is altered at garage sales for sure helloo youtube im high af well alright i absolutely hate when a picture of me and my wife falls off the shelf and the glass breaks in a perfect X over my people whom smoke mid are braver than the troops smoking mid Holy my wife left and took the kids 2 weeks ago shit balls. i am home and sleepy theres a ramp for snowboarding at this grad party some kid just fucked up his elbow lmao been here 20 minutes politics are going strong i thought my dad was 60 but hes 53 lol i am banished to the shadow realm i will give jagex 50 dollars if they push back nerfing the ardy knights 5 days so i can get 99 thieving im soo close ill never be able to spell unnessecary on my own took a big risk wishing my dad n uncle a happy birthday cuz i wasnt sure if its today or next saturday but it is confirmed today sometimes i think about how i had a meeting with the president of my department cuz of d*cks out for h** and i rollercoaster of events last night at least now i have an excuse to be mad all day :) me: do u know where the envelope that was in the same spot for 2 weeks with my name on it went everyone in the house: nope didnt see it lmaoo why would u just throw away an unopened envelope with someone elses name on it huge shoutout to the person in my house that threw away 50 dollars worth of replacement vape cartridges i bought lmao awesome if you see this guy in a movie you know some weird shit is about to go down. this guy is a freak just trying to watch the house of the devil sorry ladies youll have to find someone else todays amazing entry into this years nobody has ever blew it as much as this guy awards if my mom talked like this i would have her killed prolly wont be many tweets this weekend outside of the 4 hours ill be hiding in a corner at a party today.much to do i have structured my weekend to still allow me some gaming time between the grad party and all the learning.shoul mny dreams are really bad woke up very afraid once again it is time someones listening to the hotelier again ugh i just realized i have to go to someones graduation party tomorrow john cusack is outside them: we need to outrun the mist as fast as possible also them: have been sitting in the car crying for 15 minutes man the mist really is the slowest movie ever i cannot wait for this religious bitch in the mist to die lmao wait what the fuck tweetdeckers are actually back lol 140k likes on a tweet that can be translated too hey nobody ever taught me how to do this and thats on them my hands are clean here funny how i learned that mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell in high school but i was never taught how to sh please get off twitter and open literally any search engine luv getting fat making a glass of water *yelling to make sure all the woke sweeties hear me* aw yea man that new kanyes trash. i didnt like it at all. do you have a boyfriend? wow this dude in the mist was drawing mcree from overwatch way back in 2007 the best thing to say when you go in a girls apartment for the first time is wow is that indoor plumbing like ur some farmer from 1920 slept with the light dimmed last night cuz i got way too high and watched too many scary movies in one sitting laughing imagining my dad trying to use any app that exists i love to share anecdotes im 80% sure its my dads birthday tomorrow listening to joywave thinking about becoming that 23 year old thats mentally in high school still and says shit like damn i wish tyler anyways. listening to the kanye album but not giving my opinions :) thought it was saturday and therefore day 1 of no weed until i master adobe premiere and thrashed around in bed y mfs be 25 years old like well i was never taught this in high school so how should i know lol methinks people are just bad with their money and need someone to blame if i see one more viral tweet that says my parents taught me how to go fly fishing but no balance a checkbook li listening to french asmr dont speak french but a calm is washing over me i need sum asmr to sleep trump just said that the trade federations blockade is legal! unbelievable. he is corrupt! trump just pardoned lucius malloy. i am sickened he is truly disturbed some dude broke thru the wall of a best buy near my house with a sledgehammer n stole shit n ran off lmao i am looking for a girlfriend as ive been saying, there are 0 differences between real life and harry potter it just hit me that a girl looked at a picture of me and said steve buschemi eyes today. hm This Twitter page is my personal Chatroom. I alone am the Moderator. Continue... starting a podcast called thats messed up where i have guests talk about all their problems and then when theyre goals for this coming weed-free weekend: master adobe premiere rob the same store twice without getting caught cant believe i got a job interview on a day where i took down capitalism. ive got these ceos right where i want the somebody is listening to the hotelier. wont say who. ninja is like if a shirt from forever 21 that says but first, coffee! walked off the rack and became a human being every time i write my signature its like im stealing my own identity. no two signatures look alike once i start making the most minimum wage allowed thats legal in the state of wisconsin its over for u hoes super excited for the opportunity to work at a grocery store again haha bitch i got a job interview Projection at Trump Hotel in Washington, DC last night 5-30-18 #resist every day my dad comes home from work and says whats up bran and every day without fail i say nothin much like clockwork THANK YOU SO MUCH does anyone know this indie rock song that starts with something like fuck you forever just remembered that mike said heep watching annabelle: creation. also i put up a few super short reviews for some really good movies u should watch on letterboxd one of my favorite things to do is say oh yeah thats kind of like pavlovs dogs about things that are absolutely nothing like pavlovs dogs my new favorite friend on rs is this guy that said only 1 more year in the army for me then its fuck the army my last brain cell watching me reach for the bong once again they call em convenience stores cuz everything u might need in a pinch is conveniently located there. applying to work at the gas station by my house that gets robbed like twice a week so i can slowly go for a robbers gun some 14 year old on youtube is going to teach me how to use adobe premiere dam have i really not had any alcohol for over a month time flies god fucking dammit i need a tweet to go viral so bad so i can put under it that im unemployed and looking for work cant help but wonder where this country would be if lee harvey oswald wasnt prescribed ambien me: im smart also me: vaped too much and now i dont feel good once i do a walk in interview for this grocery store on their designated walk in interview day its over for u hoes mfs read a few (okay several thousand) tweets about you smoking weed and wanting to die and think they know you its actually insulting that someone would say im unemployed cuz im unskilled lmao im unemployed cuz im lazy dumbass if im wrong for thinking i should be paid for the work im doing for someone then i dont wanna be right at the end of the day i would rather sit on my ass and do nothing than make money for someone else while receiving im gonna do this all day arent i they exist because corporations found out hey people are desperate enough to work for free if we tell them we migh lmao i saved all the money i made for 2 years so i could afford to be unemployed for a period of time post grad ur me being unemployed doesnt make me wrong laughing thinking about a company that pays its interns with branded tshirts and water bottles and notebooks and pe its been a hard time for all these companies what with the tax breaks and all that can they REALLY afford to pay th when i can pay my bills with exposure and experience let me know then ill be interested in the system youve created for us will someone PLEASE think of the companies for once im really sorry that im upset that people in positions of power use that power to exploit people trying to make a l okay the smartest business genius in the world is in my mentions chewbacca wasnt paid for any of his work on the millineum falcon because han solo told him it would be good exposu thanks for educating me guy with a ham solo avatar man im blaming capitalism and the system for my unemployment. that explains it. this has been the free labor roast thank you and goodnight ask urself is the work im doing worth exactly 0 dollars? if the answer is yes congrats ur the one person in the people that make money and have power love telling those that dont that theyre gonna let them in on the secrets o anyone who promotes giving your labor away for free is not your ally and should be struck drown like the traitor they are okay gabe so what you just described is even worse than an unpaid internship lol good lord the day after 9/11 garfield kidnapped and mailed some womans dog can someone find me on the map thats geese for ya - committing crimes how cool would it be to speak latin n u just whip that shit out to scare ppl someone call an exorcist cuz my oussy is haunted people in movies love to buy haunted houses womanizer by britney spears so yea this is some bs when stalin took roseanne off the tv everyone was like alright maybe this guy isnt that great league of legends: battle royale if you retweet both joe thomas and damarious randall do you get 2 jerseys? im too responsible with my drug usage to relate to this music.but its good juice wlrd: we doing drugs til we in a coma me: *drinking a glass of water* fuck yea dude juice wrlds lifestyle sounds quite unsustainable i think its time we start making plans to give bryan silva the nobel peace prize how can you release a battle royale game at this point without saying yea we saw all these other fools making mone anyways i was excited for that agony game and then watched like 15 minutes of it and realized it was prolly bad. lo i love video games which is why i only play games that are in early access for 6 years, feature no story, and are full of bugs and hackers what kind of horrible curse was put on society that every video game is going to be a battle royale game and every anyways, im very excited for the next big game release: batman: arkham battle royale. and then after that we have d its that wonderful time of year where i have to constantly be afraid of bugs fallout 76: you leave the vault and battle against 100 other players to be the last one standing im tired! john mccain died jacking off somewhere over the pacific curt schillings twitch stream is absolutely insane *sees a good bit* thats a good bit that is a normal collar, move on. find a new slant alright thats it im becoming possessed what horror movies should i watch if i wanna be scared. no over the top gore people in movies from 2002 loved to get takeout here is my review for the strangers: prey at night. its full of spoilers the movie sucks anyways so who cares i cannot believe how bad the strangers sequel is wtf im mad lmao people in movies always have time to cry ive informed my friends that im going to start saying methinks the tea is exceptionally good today if anything this is a shining review of both size and talent im getting really into maps and navigating. that seems like a useful skill to me gonna become that guy who carries around maps in a tube on my back my roommates asking for my rent aw man what do u mean her losing her show is only gonna make her stronger to her audience and were all just making its a battle royale game for ur phone dont get excited roseanne died on the toilet crappin out her ass #rip i have nothing to live for i will do this all day bitch roseanne should die irl next lol i will be elsewhere on the web bye thinking about becoming that ufc fighter that just gets his head kicked in over and over i crapped out my ass obi wan jim from the office: your on notice pal :) make a better movie or im telling everybody about that time you tried to my first movie review in almost a year has been posted. very burnt out time to not watch another movie for 6 more months depression level: watched roughly 14 movies in 3 days whenever my old school email stops working for student pricing on shit is when im finally calling it a life oh so annihilation is one of those movies im supposed to think about huh i hate when im forced to think smoking more weed as they head into the shimmer here we go folks very high watching annihilation, which is what i thought i was doing when i watched a quiet place but i got my movies tangled watching a movie in witch jim from the office has to use leaves as plates cuz hes afraid to make a lil noise the jedi were weak and thats why they had to die i have no clue who ayn rand is and i think that makes me stronger than a lot of people finished all the star wars not sure what to do with myself now (porg chitters inquisitively) star wars rankings: best: return of the jedi favorite: revenge of the sith worst/least favorite: the phantom men when its the halfway point of the year and youve done absolutely nothing to this point and it doesnt look much its a shame im lazy and unwilling to sell out cuz im way funnier than all the people who get paid to be funny for a living lol 2018 comedy is just taking people from the internets bits and hoping nobody IRL realizes / calls you out on it fun fact: there is absolutely 0 difference between actors and the characters they play alright im back i turned my phone off to watch star wars for 7 hours theres nothing that can explain r2d2 and c3po still being alive lmao count dooku kinda died like a bitch revenge of the sith anakin lets revenge take over anakin is a whiny emo boy lol duude why is anakin such a pervert what is his deal has anakin just never met another girl since meeting padme how powerful of anakin to immediately turn padme into his therapist once being left alone in a room with her i cant feel my mace when im windu anakin is like 7 flying a spaceship lmaoo lets go okay dude star wars is so effing cool podracing! me as a child: jar jar binks is so funny :) me now: this creature is truly the scum of the earth. this vile being should not exist yoda and jar jar binks should share a jail cell oh good lord its jar jar binks the biggest fool in the galaxy my friend told me to watch in machete order so thats what im doing, im not skipping the phantom menace so thats what im watching now alright luke got a fake arm so he can jack off still star wars is awesome even tho i hate half the shit omg wow the i am your father scene just happened. iconic. also he doesnt say luke i am your father so why do you all say that holy shit he cut lukes arm off lmao i think lando is cool. hes got charisma hes got charm. hes not whining about having to do a little work darth vader just threw like two computers directly into lukes head with the force and he didnt even get a concussio star wars is just like harry potter in the sense that both main protagonists r whiny punk kids who somehow are the oh yeah of course luke is winning, cuz hes got fighting spirit and a go getem attitude and that offsets and outweighs years of training lol i love how luke, who didnt even come close to finish his training, is in the situation to fight darth vader who is person who spends 18 of the 24 hours they get a day getting mad online: hey elon musk, do your board members know you tweet all day? hahahahah wtf the heat was on whyy its 80 degrees out wtf dude one of the instagram models i follow was in my dream last night just straight up harassing me wtf im mad if i say im sleepy or goin to bed u got 15 minutes max to interact with me cuz i control when i reside in the land of the living i took a benadryl so i can go to sleep and wake up and sit in front of the computer for 14 hours again thanks seeya if i saw yoda in a dark alley at night i would pull my gun out and waste that little prick *hears a particularly loud bang in the distance* person thats never heard a gun before apparently: was that gun shots? my heartbeat is very forceful time to smoke a dangerous amount of weed before the roast begins lukes just fucking around in the swamps on vacation with a little green ghoul while everyone else does real work good lord could you imagine watching this without knowing who yoda is before. i would be appalled by how this creature presents himself! disgusting! get out of other peoples things! ah yes now that little pervert yoda is on the screen. he disgusts me and i wish he would go away onto the next one. i like these taun tauns dude these old star wars suck so bad i want the ones with the robot dude with 20 lightsabers and the guy with the double lightsaber alright so basically luke skywalker showed up and all the rebellion leaders saw him, a 19 year old kid, and went a lukes trying to fuck uh oh they accidentally drove the millennium falcon into the death star a lot of the scenes in star wars are just george lucas going look at the kind of fucked up creatures i think of sometimes lmao obi won kenobi asked luke to help him save a planet and luke was like aw man shucks i wish but i gotta d alright so obi won kenobi just gave luke skywalker a lightsaber like 30 minutes after meeting him. very casual im watching through star wars for the first time and im so high and very afraid i have to grind 91 thieving fuck me no more discount way to get political. what gives? alright now how about this: voldemort.but its trump now its wild how you can plant something and watch it grow im just messin around of course, i definitely dont think that steve kerr should be put on trial for his failure to sorry steve kerr says here you didnt even help during the battle of normandy?? what the fuck man? basketball too *trying to prove im retroactively the most woke person in 2018* i was uhh the guy that blocked all those tanks in order to rectify this steve kerr will be killing himself on live tv, its only right and we thank him doing lunar diplomacy big time happy birthday to thank u for being a good friend i hope u get a lot of retweets today sleepy wow i love getting fat i would love to see drake play donald trump in a game of 3 dimensional chess gonna choking game myself until elon musk unblocks me the weak should fear the strong *sees a particularly handsome mannequin* what a charming boy. alright back to the slayer grind have to make back the 70m i lost this week getting gainz oh man that drake guy.always doing stuff im about 12 episodes deep into yks and i think im starting to figure out what the 6 pack is. will keep you all updated gonna attempt zulrah again. ladies imagine this, its 15 years from now, you have a baby goo goo gah gah im the baby can i have some money fo if you walk past my window you cant blame me for growling at you time to get high and be afraid of multiple conspiracies I am now a proud patron of YKS, and you should be too: i put pringles on my cousins sub. wow wee wow woo big fan of my new rs name. oh yea girls just love guys that post about being sex pests on the timeline all day. thats what they find hot alright i got 81 herblore almost. now the grind for 90 construction hopping on to my very normal account i hope when that roosh guy dies its really really really painful and his last memory forever is how much pain he wa all incels should be dead. thats just one persons opinion im definitely not quote tweeting that roosh guy but he definitely belongs in prison or dead in the ground honestly both work the same good morning heres a completely normal guy that thinks hes mentally ill cuz no girls wanna fuck him so now hes a once i fall asleep its over for u hoes already turned off the asap rocky...just not vibing with it.new pusha t is very fire tho if anything im TOO hydrated. alright i need the new pusha t stat i am charged up rn 28 weeks later i cried a lot if this tweet was tweeted today someone would quote tweet like excuse me? and get 100k retweets ive decided the funniest thing about incels isnt that they dont have sex its that they are so unfuckable to the poi i did indeed to it to them meatballs been getting big into the misfits lately. gotta say definitely did not expect morgan freeman to be a piece of shit oh yeah im about to do it to these meatballs gettin a little energy in me. this is what a cool guy looks like. when someone asks me how much weed i've smoked tonight: can i have some coochie its kinda cool how if the hindenburg blew up or whatever today we would give a shit for like 3 hours max anyone else feel this way? the guy in good charlotte really had that haircut there havent been any parties since the one that occurred for the recording of sum 41's fat lip music video listening to limp bizkit's my way people who think they're clever cuz they can use the gif keyboard need to die places where reality is altered: 1. the shower when you're high 2. the jail cell when you were brought in after yo one thing i never thought i'd see in my life is someone in the replies of a memorial tweet criticizing the choice o its like 50 guys pickpocketing this knight in one building and one dude just asked if anyone goes to the same school as him mny sinuses. time for bed i think top 5 least favorite thing to do is lay in a bed with another person i am so high man i dont feel so good chief rellik the clown owns happy to announce your kickstarter sucks has joined episode 1 as the only podcast ive ever listened to multiple times you dont need a toaster that you program with an app. when elon finally gives me some coochie waiting to smoke weed until after i take my pizza out of the oven otherwise i will 100% forget eat her pussy till she looks like shes having a seizure if she dies she dies hehe 99 hp baby the french really thought they had something when they built the maginot line ill be anti union. for a price LADIES imagine this, its 15 years from now. youre at your sons baseball game. he just took a line drive to the head, he died. im so so sorry im trying 2 buy some shoes boys who listen to citizen's youth album got the best pussy dude i still cant believe elon musk personally took the effort to block me dont mind me. every nfl owner should be executed prolly ive got to tell my boss that i lost the winchester account in the ceiling once again alright alright alright day 2 of my tolerance break just took a huge hit of weed again lmao just saw a man wearing a hat like this and got super pissed off math, huh, yeah What is it good for Absolutely nothing Say it again, y'all ive got a license to fuck theyre gonna make it so if you go to the doctor and say your depressed you get a prescription for pussy ThEy KiDnApPeD mY dAuGhTeR when ur plug says dont do this all at once its more of a recommendation than a rule i think yowza, thats some spicy salami ? its good that the 2 choices presented to workers are work for shit pay or do u want me to get the robots bitch imagine being like 47 n ur high school finds out u didnt actually pass a class n theyre like sorry dude u gotta co i will have 99 hp in roughly 8 hours i believe eric andre show is the office for people who smoked so much weed they had to repeat the 6th grade after graduating college. i love this shit i am here to buy a car girls love taking pics of their dogshit looking bfs sleeping like i love this man imagine donald trump seeing tomi lahren and adjusting his hair and neck then he saunters up to her and says hello...tomi just heard an australian girl say the word wicked and i think my heart stopped so much respect for our president for being like 90 years old and still thirsting for tomi lahren on the timeline i gotta block a girl for astrally projecting herself into my dream last night sorry sweetie mny limbs. apparently today is the 6 year anniversary of some kid shitting his pants in the hallways at school reggie miller: doris it appears james harden has pulled a gun on steph curry doris burke: reggie you really got re if james harden really cared about this game he would pull a gun out twitter should add a pay button next to the retweet and like button. in which u could give the poster a nice treat for enjoying their post finally seeing rampage this weekend! dont care if it sucks elon musk having a gf gives me hope i just gotta become a billionaire now anyways time to check the world goth day hashtag and find a wife 99 hp cape is gonna look so dope bro i always wanted that shit back in the day idek where to buy the 99 range cape at lol i told my mom that jesse farrar fired me from my job and she said awesome! just kidding i am the ultimate blessing and every moment with me should be cherished i am praying to god my parents dont find out they can get a judge to force me to move out me currently shitposters should have a union 99 range whats up fools we got this money today i think 99 range - hp - magic - thieving is the progression here. nobody cares but me always a good moment when someone who has faved a bunch of my tweets finally decides my life is worth living and gives me that ole follow 238k from 99 range 156k from 98 hp eskettit eskettit eskettit thank god ariana grandes type is sickly looking white guys i might still have a chance in the mood to be a GOOD PERSON for once if the do not let that man throw out the first pitch i will declare the yankees canceled there is nothing that pisses off white ppl on twitter more than saying if a dogs owner is racist then the dog is racist too thats the ticket. 98 range lets get this shmoney by age 35 you should have already been arrested attempting to rob fenway park after a series of other heists throughout the east coast happy to announce all my tinder matches are now architecture majors instead of art majors happy to announce my new job as putins tweet poster please dont call my boss liberals when they see the word russia she said alright j taylor from atlanta like she just broke open the da vinci code man it really is so easy to troll these people oh man theyre onto me. about to crack this whole thing open shame on deadspin for invoking a dead mans name so soon after his passing. hey check out this music my roommates made, i definitely think you'd vibe with them bro cmon ladies im listening to grimes even more now i could get 99 range tn if i truly grind. that'll be 25 dollars for the promo getting a couple friends together and pulling all these ceos outta there houses to beat them up at night ur wcw would smash just saying just realized a big section of my taste in music is what was playing during wrestling pay per views when i was a kid? i will delete the tweet for 100 dollars were 11k views away we got this guys WHAT IS DICK LIKE IN JAPAN? via told u guys not all dogs are good 96 range boii almost 97 hp too i am in paris france getting my ass kicked ur mcm tweeted i want a goth gf n what he had in mind was a girl who listens to mac demarco, wears black sometime thinking about all the girls that are gonna post pics of them wearing black lipstick talking bout world goth day funeral parlor owner: thank god you stopped by, its hard to find good workers in this business me: *putting a dead my grandma said the doctor gave her the wrong medication and she almost died and everyone is like grandma can u calm tf down lmao first day of my tolerance break just took a huge hit of weed lol i should start reviewing movies again that was fun just remembered how i received an imdb page after my 10 second cameo in a movie about a dating app where i said im just had a dream that i was insanely good at basketball.woke up with the chills. 9i go sleep i got too high and forgot to make my sirloin steak soup.im pissed off im beating myself up im kicking my own ass a very important milestone is about to be reached in my lifetime dropping a stack on red chinchompas overnight hmu in the morning this gives me anxiety me rn lil peep// five degrees (lyrics) via looking for borat voice my wife she got me honkin like a goose banned from owning weapons i always forget theres a culvers near me anyways im getting culvers listening to edm. really feeling the rhythm its crazy that theres so much good music these skittles are really keeping me grounded it gets a bad rep but i think being turned to stone is Pretty Good i fucking hate science ive got portals on the mind today *sees a guy trying to open a portal to another realm* knock it off bro chill getting 99 range call me back later im baby dude i am so fucking high good lord vaping until i see god on this fine monday didnt watch porn for a whole ass week and almost just levitated its about time we got some new ideas put into the world. well well well look at the time everyone has that one favorite shirt with holes in it that they refuse to throw away cuz its from a twitch streame kissing mny own ass its wild how the queen is going to hell when she dies nobody has ever blew it as much as this girl did lol alright no more excuses for these other lil game companies to say they dont have the money to back esports lol me looking at myself in the mirror realizing i once again have a crush sex symbol i had a 3.3 gpa in college u MUST listen to me how many times do we have to see some girl on fox news cuz she took a pic fucking a gun n yall kept making jokes un really love the racism watchdog account cuz it puts all the tweets people are gonna use to score some easy engageme im supposed to take a break from weed this week.ill start tomorrow i just realized i got my hair cut like cillian murphy precisely 24 hours after getting extremely stoned and watched im pissed that my love of jake gyllenhaal is going to force me to see a superhero movie oim prince arry sir, prince arry potter good morning teen with a pic of billie eilish as their avi: hello war general in a bunker in nevada: take the fucking shot mar i must go to bed yeah sorry wayne im gonna have to pass so tired might sleep for 800 years under no circumstances would i ever text a girl thats within driving distance of me. thats absurd. preposterous when im too tired to be a thot once u get tricked into liking me.its over for ya my brain has a heartbeat too.not good feeling my brain weakening officially the most bored ive ever been the pants are coming off got my credit :) hehe they call me sperm cuz i came from nut-thing weed baby just paid og maco 5k to rap over my beat a girl just beat me at 8ball so im gonna be mad the rest of the day someone.please.bring me the bong from the other side of the room these people should be purged played an epic prank on my dog, got that sucker put down lol seeing u cwy, makes me feew wike saywing sowwy if u know an incel you must end them before they end you you come into my home.and you call my wife a goomba looking mother fucker well buddy we're about to have problems. VISAGE DROP LMAoo dont look now but i am very sleepy once again i hate when what was supposed to be a quick and easy final heist gets out of control damn daniel prolly off 4 xans right now me: weed barely gets me high now me after precisely 1 hit of weed: ive had more red bulls today than hours awake. lets get this monet honestly love my haircut that turns full into a bowl cut in the back if i look away for a second time to come clean and apologize for saying arbys pussy the other night someone posted the hot topic shirts picture again so i just had to experience someone calling and i when the world gonna start caring about peoples lentil health me why am i so tired all the time says boy whos diet has consisted of weed and red bull for a week anyways this was me watching myself last night after i got way too high once again what would cause a scar from an old wound to suddenly start hurting weeks after healing. just tell me its mental so normies never smoked crack for a bit and for that i envy them woke up ready to die oh man i just thought about people who section their life as before and after seeing the office and got real sad when there are consequences from my actions &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; RIP jesse farrar who fell down a well and died today supporting just causes. im playing the drawing t shirt game on im not feelin so good... hoping to find 10m on the ground soon watching harry potter speed runs i love the natural grift progression from fat ass eating a lot on food network to racist on twitter josh denny isnt truly the fattest guy ever but he might be the dumbest i fuckin toold uu so im so tired i want to take a nap but i have to grind and get this money hey it hannah.hannah baker taxevader got hacked the day i cancelled the membership on it lmao will i ever not be tired Summer is the annual permission slip to be lazy. To do nothing and have it count for something. To lie in the grass i want to become a relate-able quotes account. sorry twitter locked my account again why crow in the microwave i dont practice sangria i dont got no hmm hmm hmm 100000000 dead birds i could watch resident evil 7 playthroughs all day. because mny mind is powerful :) another day in the quarantine zone. its charli baby becoming a major player in the business world. sometimes i wish i was master chief how are people playing day z still what the fuck love yourselves i love when brits say taking the piss dude the nba 2k league players are making like 40k and have benefits packages while having less than 4k viewers watching hahahahahhaha wtf why would u watch nba 2k league when u could just watch nba basketball irl?? this fake hype nba 2k league is driving me insane??this is real? ah help me man 13 reasons why is so fucking depressing the school from 13 reasons why is literally somehow like being in a gang or the mo its 9 am im tired! nobody has ever said this this is why ive began the process of removing television and movies from my life now. 13 reasons why season 2: heres a bunch of shit that apparently happened and we just didnt tell you about. also noth i am MAD. fuck netflix and go to hell selena gomez alright 13 reasons why is the most awful show ever lol im mad im about to be really fucking sad over this stupid ass awful show huh me last night at 2 am trying to finish the final episode of 13 reasons why after only looking away from my computer how did we not find any of this shit out in season 1 of 13 reasons why if helen doesnt hurry her ass up and tell me shes ready to unpause 13 reasons why shes canceled the boy is zooted clays dick does not work lol there is nothing clay jensen loves more than thinking about hannah baker hannah baker is my hero.so brave #ComeHomeJesse sarah huckabee sanders is one ugly broad good grief this ghostemane song with pharoah is so fire i can afford a dragon hunter crossbow after selling all my shit ok mole is sleepy im going to kill kbd all day die mole die this will power me through the day im pretty sure i could smoke crack and not get addicted going to watch the new season of 13 reasons why and keep tweeting hannah baker is an inspiration until someone does a wellness check on me holy shit i just found out laura loomer is only 24 years old feel like i just slept thru the death of the whole world usimg the power of google to find a girlfriend growing very sleepy please view my art on the right being exposed as extremely stupid on the go off kings trivia stream im 7 sneezes in watch the master work what are the best reddits either my nose is fucked or my neighbor who mowed the long at night yesterday is now grilling food at night #NewProfilePic millennials buying sangria after seeing a bunch of viral tweets saying ppl got super drunk from it is old people vo #IDontTrustPeopleThat dress like this Summer nights. Call of Duty on the TV. Windows Open. Ass out. These are the Nights we live for. playing payday 2 wit my roommate or as i like to call it learning a trade skill bye hair extremely too high to get my hair cut right now super excited to be way too high while getting my hair cut i love every girl thats ever taken a pic with a gun to show shes not afraid of the 2nd amendment i need a damn dragon warhammer discord die ur wcw would risk it all for him. nice call of duty whack ops 4 im going back to slaying the vile mole all girls admit they want to fuck the lorax all weed smoked today is in youngkingdave's honor rip youngkingdave :( good morning thinking about how this one time in middle school during a pep rally they asked for a volunteer to come to the stag jfk will always be remembered for his love of long car rides where the egirls at gonna be up all night thinking about getting my haircut tomorrow ready to go dum in the dms tonight thats right you can be openly horny this late and theres no rules. this is when the weirdos come out of the woodwork im working the twitter graveyard shift tonight. what we on tonight folks do people even tweet this late ur boy thought today would suck but it has turned into a great day my roommate proposed an idea everyone gets a vyvanse prescription to which i said theres no way that backfires folloowing over 1k ppl is chaotic but i would feel bad unfollowing anyone whom uppith my world view is breaking right now. im super confused these polls are very important to me right now did u have to sing the gary indiana song in elementary school delete the whole account now i love my city new reddit is awful looking what da heck bartolo colon must be protected at all costs i dont slide into the dms i crash my neighbor across the street is mowing the lawn IN THE DARK it takes a special kind of stupid to become a sheriff girls who own a CZ Scorpion EVO 3 S1 Pistol with an arm brace adapter that quickly and easily adds an ar-style pist dj khaled is currently fanning the pussy with a large leaf saying is this working? 100 billion for 30 seconds of work u bet i would me: hey girl: fort nite? where we dropping mom said no dinner if i dont come home with a dragon hunter crossbow first person to hook me up with 200m on runescape gets absolutely nothing but a thank you and a twitter shoutout helen is the most powerful person ever. truly a beast all my plants died fucck this becoming a con artist! imagine trying to own me when u cant even read wow net neutrality is back baby. its good again. awoo so you followed her finsta for boobs and were shocked by what you saw instead sold my sgs and bought twisted buckler + arma cbow/helm cutting all mny hair off tomorrow papa needs a dragon hunter cbow stat dont feel like doing anything so im gonna park my happy ass at brutal drags n make some bank today i love to accept handouts papa needs a whip drop lmaoo just fell asleep n died on rs n lost like 300k worth of herbs. nbdd feelimg very sleepy i love to slip through a crack in the system well this weed is definitely hitting lol what if i got really into gardening to stop me from kms lmao took precisely 2 benadryl and did some work in the garden.very cathartic.feeling better now having a mental breakdown across two accounts.mny mind.so powerful :) mfers who collect funko pops at age 43 and tweet donald trump you are a bad BAD man really dictate the future of everything huh lets just keep making more of the same movies over and over and never make anything original cuz u freaks eat up ev being harassed to find a job every day cuz ur family watched donald trump yell were bringing the jobs back baby ye what my parents think i should google: JOBS IN MILWAUKEE what im actually googling: most painless way to die oh cool nevermind were doing the whole are you even looking for work song and dance this morning instead lol the internet is a curse for many reasons but for me its a curse cuz it made my parents think im destined to be some smoking all the weed i can cuz by my calculations ive got roughly 2 days before im ordered to stop so i can find a how i sleep knowing everyone around me is sick of my bullshit wake up do absolutely fucking nothing with my life alright time for bed definitely a guy im willing to get behind as a paragon of good in hollywood lol unfortunately i've decided he will have to be one of the first people locked up in the celebrity purge of 2020 anyways shoutout to dylan sprouse for taking time out of his busy day tweeting trump is like thanos to call out j theres nothing i love more than a powerful actor calling out another powerful actor for the shitty behavior he does himself lol both these dudes suck jared leto is a creep n dylan sprouse is a self righteous little ho they can both get these internet hands dylan sprouse: now that youve dated several models aged 18-25 what would you say your success rate is dylan sprouse has come a long way since his ex gf said he cheated on her and he did a bunch of posts telling everyone not to believe her lol the best thing that could come from a dylan sprouse and jared leto beef is them both dying somehow im going to bed now skrt skrt time for bed 1 titdy please 16k xp from 90 def boy girls who take guns on college campuses got the best pussy i would like to give a very thought provoking speech at the oscars someday. listening to darke complex man down can smell the damn church fire from my house rip to the haters and the losers i smoked too much weed big fella Please help support kirby, add a #Twibbon now! just forgot where i was and thrashed around for a bit dj khaled blowing on the pussy like hes trying to put out a fire there is a train really laying on the horn out there.what is she thinking. ha ha hahaha dj khaled has heard your calls and learned several vape tricks to do into the pussy fuck the idf! milwaukee isnt on here cuz i quit drinking now accepting donations for tassys and primordials sold my ahrims n had enough for amulet of torture skrt skrt so excited for the go off kings stream tonight my dad didnt know what a chicago piza is and he ordered one and opened the box and immediately said what the fuck is that ricky gervais is the most embarrassing man alive to me the funniest twitch moment is still when that girl said kids who were born with cancer were born to die and under no circumstances should u assign me 166 blue dragons listening to the hotelier if u arent addicted to nicotine ur a bitch new york swears its the only city that experiences weather TWO WHIP DROPS IN 1 TASK LMAo asked my 6 year old what she wanted for dinner and she said the cycle of life continues.we will live.they will die if the DJ plays anything but the hits well then we just might have a problem. yo 53 RTs 1.7k Likes | underrated reply 3 RTs 923 Likes good morning my heart breaks for those who choose to care about what bari weiss says they got a grocery store meat deli installed in the whitehouse for president trump. truly abhorrent. they let him just got another whip drop lmao please sufjan im begging you can we go on one date without you listing off all the birds you know perfectly content with perfect content i get all my business advice from twitter and look where i am now its impossible to for me to be wrong now :) absolutely 0 difference between fortnite and heroin thos damn kids with their xanax and fortnite can almost afford amulet of torture then its time to save for tassys z slaying some ankou my life started going downhill ever since the day i converted from playing keeper to playing left back michael jordan would come out of retirement and average a modest 6 PPG if he wasnt a bitch gonna put my swedish language certification on my resume and lie like i still know how to speak that language fluently life aint all its cracked up to be kid im perfectly content with gaming and smoking weed until i run out of money then walking into the ocean never to be we got kicked out of the high school dodgeball tournament cuz one of my teammates gave our gym teacher the middle f the only solution is to apply for more jobs and never hear back from any of them :) long term unemployment is tight cuz u can see n feel everyone around u slowly get sick of ur shit n theres nothing im unemployed and all i do is smoke weed all day i am a plague on society a pox i need to be wiped out i refuse to this is my pledge to never quote tweet some dipshit ever again. still gonna be in those replies getting their ass tho jonathan cheban caling himself foodgod is a mental illness presenting itself alright where my gamers at: what do we know about this vampyr game.its been on my radar for some time and it co im joining army twitter lets get these camaros wake up ask my parents for 3 grand to pay for my 1 bedroom brooklyn apartment quote tweet charlie kirk sa i cannot endure yet another day of dsa infighting. i have declared the dsa cancelled, all rose emoji havers will ha take those rose emojis outta ur names suckas in 2014 twitter user ironiccrackluvr followed user hatesonic and since then hatesonic has been cancelled for fa ok new game can i make and eat dinner before i fall asleep nvm i got a good task saving the clue for tomorrow new challenge: can i finish this clue scroll before all these benadryls kick in getting my license its over for u fools that classic strategy thats never failed: firebomb the whole city gotta say the worst thing to hear in the quarantine zone so far has been hes been bitten im engrossed in film right now humans can be gone but windmills are forever and were gonna enjoy bout 6 of em im less concerned about getting a good movie and more with just give me damn closure the makers of 28 days/weeks later are pussy for not finishing the trilogy. ill do it if they're too scared 181 lizardmen to kill do yall believe in the dragon warhammer becoming mine today super excited to watch several of my followers develop gambling addictions cant stress enough how great these logitech noise cancelling headphones are i didnt even know some deranged man w it would be hilarious if some random dude just murdered me lol there is a very obviously mentally ill man outside of my window yelling about putting kids in the ground...hm yea this dude fucks dead bodies for sure lol tired: quote tweeted conservative dipshits for engagements wired: just replying to their tweets telling them they twitter really is the home of some of the dumbest assholes to ever exist i think it owns that a dude that fucks dead bodies is a tenured professor or some shit when ur at a funeral and the deceased is looking thicc as hell not streaming today cuz im prolly just gonna take benadryl and smoke weed and fall asleep all day blitzkrieging my lungs today its time to wake up u lil bitches we got a long day ahead of us trippie redd's wish is the best song ever made not quite sure what imperialism is but i do kno it sucks ass im dedicated to madness which is why im horny on my main and follow various religions on my alt had a dream that i was on the run from the law and i had a GUN what does it mean time for bed busy day tomorrow im like 50 qp off of quest cape but cba to grind them out its real get sleepy from benadryl dm a girl and fall asleep before she responds hours :) getting 88 def then its time to lay down alright whip round 2 lets get this money luck is on my side tonight will this be the task i get a whip drop lets find out who wanna fund me getting 99 construction ;) people really do enjoy committing treason red bull #2 can i borrow a big mood this sweat bought a cannon bout to smoke some weed and take a benadryl then see god of course my stoned ass got dessert to go *weepy beard guy voice* mny favstar trophies good lord shut the fuck up frank my mom just told the waitress that my unemployed ass makes more money than she does both of these tweets are funny but please for the love of god delete this feature what the fuck mother asked me if i know when the royal wedding is and i said i dont engross myself in foreign affairs there is a man in a suit at the bar im going to assume hes a business man and try to shake his hand my mom just started waving a knife around in the restaurant saying this is a big knife dude and then i havent been out in a while please make your webcam bigger MISS i am way too high to do mothers day dinner but alas hbere i am hope my mom doesnt take forever at dinner tonight so i can get 88 def tonight :) being in a discord with me is 50% silence and 50% me laughing in the background my mom is just leaving work at amazon rn then might have to go back in 4 hours to work more. the grind is appalling im so high someone just asked me what my name is and the first thing in my head was thats a good question just mumbled productivity productivity. to myself currently at 0 crushes. looking to change this in the next fiscal quarter ugly mf a superior foe has appeared. when u embrace the fact that at ur peak ur nothing more than a troll shitposter, life becomes serene syfy not renewing a show with a 100% on rotten tomatoes is hilarious considering they show movies titled big ass spider finding myself enjoying being alive again which means im definitely going to be murdered soon we 87 slayer bois when ur hands r shaking so much it takes 2 tries to get the food in ur mouth thats that good shit thats that good shit i like right there ELLEN: i read on twitter that you want a girlfriend guy with over 10k twitter followers : haha yeah, i do *a therap we are going to start a dialogue nfl players joining the ufc is tight cuz its like they said im not getting enough brain damage and upped the ante just found my toothbrush in a very large puddle of water by the toilet. dog sitting is the gift that keeps on giving its time for jeff bezos to start paying my mom more money !! one of the stupidest things i ever believed was every time i heard sirens while watching porn before i was 18 i tho happy birthday to all the moms happy mothers day to the actress who played hannah bakers mom and also every other crying mom role in a tv show she if all 116k of my followers dont come to my funeral im coming back as a very pissed off ghost trying to turn mothers day dinner into mothers day lunch so i can go to bed at 8 PM like a normal human does good morning () its time for you to fix the (_) its time for sufjan to answer why he knows so many birds off the top of his head im taking my mom to outback steakhouse for dinner and u already know im getting so high i talk in an australian accent the entire dinner who gave you this picture of me? one of the biggest red flags is when someone has bearded in their bio alright pce out RIP to the kid who brought the wrong boots to the pk mass and got juugd lmao looking after some weary travelers this weekend. streaming gonna see how long i can hold my breath for probs getting 95 hp 2day too :) 86 def this guy is falling asleep on stream mfers really want to have sex? could never be me now let me just kill these lizardmen real quick mfers really give permanent free real estate in their brains to guys like ben shapiro and charlie kirk lmao ive thought about charlie kirk maybe one time this year and yet i gotta see the guy every day cuz u all are horny for him for some reason imma just say it: at what point do you guys realize that no shit conservatives are hypocrites and just stop giving im getting affiliate this month.its time i feel really bad for people who have had their brains ruined by this site so much that they cant consume any media what i lack in gainful employment i make up for with my deep knowledge of the 28 Days/Weeks Later universe when a girl with an aussie accent talks: please miss may i dm you when a dude with an aussie accent talks: get away from me you pervert alright i think thats all the depression tweets ive got today.now time to accidentally open a cage containing a idrc nobody irl knows a damn thing about me, my family should just be happy im still alive n going thru the motions just trying to get thru the weekend without being yelled at for being unemployed :) this why we cant win a playoff series huh im definitely becoming that guy that tells people he works in an office when in reality i spend every night robbing graves to make money goodnight setting an alarm to turn off 30 minutes before it goes off im single threatening to leave my girlfriend on top of a shelf wait what the fuck i thought elon musk is married cba to do daggs trolls or kalphites z wasting all my reward points like a dumbass going through some resumes. im hiring an assistant for when i become a CEO i just got so high i couldnt read and verbally attacked someone for no reason good lord lol dont think banning me will silence me its time for you to fix those trains haveing some cooked bones for dinner hardest part of being away from twitter was not talking to all 37 of my girlfriends. i got soo fuckin looted today ur boy got an sgs what did i do on my day off from twitter? 1. jack off 2. smoke weed 3. tweet on a different account 4. resist donald j trump im on the straightened arrow now its ableist to call oswald cobblepot the penguin i lived bitch i must depart the storm is here.as i predicted fairly large mood. ate a whole tube of pringles today im so accomplished i made a friend on runescape :) enjoying the comforts of yet another redbull just smoked some weed every time i yawn im like carbon monoxide poisoning? good evening when will you do something to fix the my spoiled ass rabbit got a new house its about time he pays rent around here people really do love mowing their lawns. killing lizardmen shamans lets get this dragon warhammer fuck this lol anyone else keep all their screens on night shift all day fix this shit or you dont care about america joohn mayer seems cool gonna rain soon.i feel the storm i think last night i moved from one timeline on earth to a different one loving on my iphone it really passes the time at red lights while im driving inventing a new challenge. its the call 911 and see if you can eat a hole tube of pringles before they get there challenge just thought about how many words there are and had to sit down hi lady apparently theres new drama going on but im still focused on coming up with the perfect response to dj khaled not eating puss puss i hope this is the year i make eye contact with a girl for the first time heres my cover letter: failed to make eye contact with the walgreens employee me n my lil homie rolling out me: hey hot topic employee: a cheat code i have found is since i dont have a max house i just go to the houses in world 30 to heal up the fairy ring code to get to zulrah is BJs and i think thats beautiful this girl on rs has her bank COLOR CODED meanwhile it takes me 35 minutes to find one spade killed the bandos dude like 10 times.kbd like 20.nbd we got 2 bandos runs in before realizing i wasnt using piety for either of them :) youre looking very normal today - me on my crushes selfies this is how were rolling the rest of 2018. pure power. and thats that goodnight sniffing glue i still cant believe i won another giveaway today lol thats like 9 now eating cookie dough custard in bed if anyone wants in we running bandos tomorrow morning 8 am ct ish eating some watermelon eminem did in fact rap about putting a gerbil in his ass my job is failure dads yelling at me cuz i dont have any shirts and ties for my non existent job interviews no gf eating filet mignon bitch im decadent standing in edgeville getting ready to pk for the first time about to get my ass beat bitch im tryna disappear RIP balloon boy. died in a car accident brutal black dragons are so lucrative wtf im shaking again im sexualjumanji and this is my girlfriend grimes my thoughts are autotuned im constantly thinking in the mindset of jack nicholson's joker deja vu the storm is here elon musk blocked me because he knows i am a threat to grimes heart watching the notebook and crying afking brutal black dragons making bank im so rich on rs i got dudes following me around ge like its my birthday can i have gold if anyone wants to do bosses or some shit ever just dm me n we can swap igns doing sara god wars solo lmao idk wtf im doing ah lmao i just won 10m from another giveaway young thug opening for j cole should be the other way around or illegal my pc crashed and is now updating sorry yall lol live slaying the vile mole stream going live soonish i order what i want and forget my wallet at home 85 mage.the time has come also no webcam on stream today cuz im uglyy people with black and white avis scare the shit outta me wait linkin park has a song with riff raff lol good morning its time for you to answer my call to action to finally fix the enjoying nba highlights where my locals at how about this weather am i right lol people who keep their phone on do not disturb for everybody and not just specific people have seen some shit streaming at 12 central today, not sure what im gonna do. prolly just gonna smoke weed and kill the giant mole 100 times 200k xp to 85 mage.it is almost time nah wtf dude lol this guy is the final boss you have to beat after defeating the krassentein brothers. they call him the grappler this man hasnt unclenched his jaw since donald trump became president somebody please help him if you do not upkeep a level of wokenees to my standards than as the supreme leader of twitter i must declare you canceled powerful my back hurts cuz when i slept last night i curled myself up like a rhombus i was in the mines before it was cool. get these punk kids off my turf before i get to slayin setting an alarm for 8:30 am super excited to wake up at 6 am and turn it off byee u can pretty much take whatever u want if ur fast enough ive been known to chill and relax 3 redbulls in im shakingg doing my googles on pking. i think im too high to ever be truly good at it but i wanna try it out at least prolly faster to kill skeleton monkeys in the dungeon.the grind begins i am on a different plane of being what if in men in black instead of asking for sugar water the cockroach dude was like i want my dick sucked grand theft auto released a blue lives matter game where u can only play as a cop die birds die DAB on em sometimes i just forget other people exist i hope in my next life im in the mo killswitch engage got bangers honestly shocked beanie babies turned out to be a bad investment first time in my life with a 100m cash stack.feeling very powerful killing the vile mole that lives beneath falador def streaming rs tomorrow so follow now and u will get an alert and u can slack off at work some more 3 mage levels then i will become the best teleblocker the world has ever seen man im having so much fun now. i almost died to zulrah 6 times cuz my brain is low functioning so im just running barrows instead i just got BLESSED wit an acc that can do actual fun shit im so pumped and im also a huge nerd who has 2 tabs open playing on 2 accs at once there isnt a single streamer pking rn wtf alright im not gonna get 75 mage in time to stream today but i promise to stream barrows runs tomorrow :) fuck dude this girl was really posting about having multiple seizures per hour and then was sharing brobible and im not just being an asshole lol she deleted everything on her page about ever being sick like 2 weeks after going to disney lol thinking about this person on facebook that had 5 types of cancer one month, crowdfunded a trip to disney, and then imagine living in the salem witch trials n being good at like math n ur dad goes my own daughter is a witch! she must burn! tell me what that lil goblin music teacher dude from hogwarts is doing right now i had.300 unused pest control points that i dont remember getting once i get 75 mage imma stream me figuring out how to do barrows. im at 72 rn so hopefully i can grind it out and g good morning i overslept there is absolutely nothing worse than waking up in the middle of the night and hearing BIRDS please help me getting a dm that says yo do u want my old rs stuff i stopped playing pussy i just subbed to abyss fuck it ive watched him every night for a week now eating kopps getting fat can anyone tell me how to do barrows 44 mil cash stack and idek what to do ready to declare the best runescape streamer ive found during this binge, it is my goal is to constantly smell like a bonfire congrats to the guy who just pk'd me while im doing abyss altar and got precisely 1 helm of neit ok finally got that shit omgg someone i like is dating elon musk im going to kill myself this is a huge thing to me 1/42 chance to get the medium pouch drop im like 50 in and pissed shoutout to all the horny middle aged men who told me im beautiful today cuz they think im lana del rey i have grown tired of life in the mines yall can keep a song titled all girls are the same lol you're absolutely right sir im sorry sir back to work sir 2/3 gottem which one of u gave me the 17m today on stream ur a god a very special shoutout to for giving me 2m coins on rs and also for roleplaying as a miner with me for like 2 hours playing rainbow six now Coal Miners Lullaby via life in the mines begins WITH mic and webcam. im live not using a mic or webcam just listening to princess nokia and minding my own damn business holy shit i just had the thought when god made earth that was like his form of coding my brain is literally broken i realized today that every time i take a shower water its all over the bathroom because im a good foot taller than the glass door yea let me hop on twitch tv so i can be called a fat retard by strangers some more lol that was a good idea i had today stream is cancelled fuck yall eat a dick i get sent this shit multiple times a week and ignore it please dont pretend to know what i have to deal with please do better alright my uncle just went to work im setting up the stream then ill go live a powerful aura emanates from this 5 year old picture. cant find a picture that i just saw on my macbook and since im in control of my emotions i want to break my macbook in half the last thing u see before u die. every few months i have precisely 1 day where everything seems like its about to figure itself out and fall into pl the worst genre of music is whiny guy that just talks and does a monologue over a guitar and some drums the best part of todays stream is going to be the first 30 minutes where i have some kind of technical issue and ha anyways im just a negative person who cant see the good in anyting blessed that i chose the one hobby that has 0 gains and costs a shitload of money fortnite died for me when they overhauled the weapon colors cuz idiot middle schoolers didnt understand it lol heres the life of every battle royale game: 1. game releases and all the people who are actually good at other BRs fortnite is soo fucking corny now smh lmao i couldnt lay in bed depressed all day in a twin bed so i had to reacquire my full i got my bed back does anyone wanna hang out today its big enough for u to sit on and watch me play runescape across the room most guys hope to fuck on the third date meanwhile im on date 6 just trying to make eye contact feeling like frankie muniz this morning after being shot in my dream last night. very blessed listening to princess nokia and crying gonna see what this sleep thing is all about. new tinder match.girls like a guy wit no money and no job but a semi clever tinder bio ive decided i no longer want to be a ceo and im just gonna embrace listening to princess nokia n being sad iu have a powerful brain but its also dumb as shit its ok to do nothing at all wit ur life ma your mcm forgot his lunch pail and worked without eating and passed out 500 feet deep in the mines today i had a good week but ill be damned if i dont feel dead and drained once again i stayed up past 5 AM friday and 2 am yesterday and all i got to show for it was no energy and looking like a ghoul might have found some other candidates for victory i tried to get rich quick by having a friend stake the 5m i just won and he lost. this is why im not a CEO yet. because im a stupid idiot back into the mines i go bro im losing it rn ive made almost 10m in 2 days entering giveaways 1/11 chance to win this giveaway lmao its free money! please do not touch me im winning another one today i can feel it if u do winterdodt to train firemaking ur a ho i think eventually one of these 10 runescape streamer tabs i have open will result in me winning a giveaway. u cowards dont grind like me watching this runescape streamer meltdown after losing 1 billion coins staking oh u thought these shirts would never see the light of day again huh sex after marriage? no thank u dudes that always wanna fight separate everyone they meet into weight classes after one interaction with them theres a guy in the world 362 varrock west bank asking people for tips on how to slide in the dms of a girl he met at the club last night ok i got my webcam back so my ugly ass is gonna be streaming tomorrow im the only man powerful enough to willingly go his whole life without having sex. everyone who has sex is a coward who disrespects God life in the mines aint all its cracked up to be kid. sundays are the best day cuz its the one day a week where i just cant stop thinking about how unemployed i am jacking off: it gets the job done mfers act like they will DIE if they dont nut but refuse to jack off. whats the deal why dont yall jack off white ppl really do love to get together at parks n yell sieg heil like thats normal to do when u and ur uber driver cut the shit and decide to ride in silence for the rest of the trip this fool driving with airpods in idk if this is safe man first thing my uber driver said to me youre up early for a sunday lmao looked over and witnessed hanna literally wipe her nose on my pillow when miner memes go mainstream i want my credit. unlike when i was late to the gold rush and got no gold notorious pussy eater stephen king my wcw just sent her miner husband off to the mines for the overnight shift meanwhile i lost my job in the mines be i wonder if drake eats pussy skin is burning cuz of all the chemicals i mixed and mingled to clean the bathroom they got zelda playing the flute in this comethazine song babsketball wish i just normally talked in ski masks flow honestly i think people that go live on instagram are psycho Saturday, 4:28 PM: i just messaged a girl on tinder dude have u ever seen naruto whos premium snapchat do i have to subscribe to to see a titty around here i just looked up and what do i see.my roommate typing a fucking facebook comment sometimes i think my dad thinks im a punk loser but then i remember how he tried to matchmake me IRL with a girl w dominos pizza unfollowed me ok i didnt expect this im on vyvanse trying to power wash the shower at my old apartment i might just fight my landlord instead it would be sick if u had to end the pledge of allegiance by randomly executing someone in the room on the last not this website is a fucking trip man me? listen to nine inch nails? ahahahaha no way dude that band's for pussies, this is uh. te- uhh, ten, inch nails. yeah. need proof that the internet gives you holes in your skull? the guy mentioned in this tweet became a white national thanks for the advice man. rip in peace twitter is gonna be unusable for the next 12 hours trippie redd painted a tunnel on a brick wall and XXX thought it was real and crashed into it popular comedian retweets a post of mine: oh whoa cool! i feel so honored brand quote tweets me: burger. you mus what the fuck holy fuck going into my first day on the job blackout drunk to assert dominance ] elon musk is a test tube baby that was a result of combining the DNA of mark zuckerberg and charles manson CIA sn i hate having a job i cant stop laughing at this group dms own just got arrested and sentenced to death for crying because of an anime, whats up hazing is illegal on most college campuses but here on twitter it's alive and well finally, a show that understands me i feel like im losing my mind it's gonna own when all drugs are legal, because you fucking KNOW Kraft is gonna go in on the heroin game writing a book about cyberpunk MRAs and calling it neuromanswers MAKING ALBUM ART EXCLUSIVELY FOR EMO REVIVAL BANDS: -$50 -add instagram filter: $25 extra -if you've ever toured ou was excited to try this, but it tatses a lil too corny for me you: a pure simpleton, a fool of the nth degree, who finds humor in those who skewer relatable, shared human experi date: so, tell me about yourself! me: me: me: me: ... me: . me: ... me: Enron Corporation was an American energy, looking at a computer screen for 4 hours straight gives you 100% of your daily dose of vitamins. that's why profess on a scale of paul rudd to paul wall, how white are you its been a solid 4 hours and i can't think of any way to respond to this back cover other than yelling sure & thr growing up, i really liked to sit down and write actual jokes. setup, punchline, all that. now that i'm an adult, t RESUME (DRAFT 06/15/18)- Skills: -Can eat an entire gun whole and shit it back out in under 10 minutes -did a 45 twitter drama is wild but nothing will ever top the person on tumblr who: -started a fake charity named a after tra [hero academia voice] mk ultra man yall remember that one vanilla ice song? you remember fresh prince? you remember anything? anything at all? no? yeah this seems about right adobe photoshop adobe burger shop i love to give money to mega corporation's the most successful people ive ever met: 1. grhg 2. gaghhaagghaa 3. frumek dodldl 4. bubus, ajsj 3ieodl i finally got through a year long depressive episode and now im back to doing dumb shit like this in 2013 u could post some shit like Osama Bin LinkedIn and an NBC exec would nut on the spot & offer u a job writ me, to friend: uh, yeah dude, of course i know what money is. im like, a money expert, i see it all the time. cas teens on this web site will get 2,000 retweets for saying i want lil pump to shit in my mouth , meanwhile i make s i am viscerally upset about this this really says a lot, about are sociedy if the incels win the first thing they're gonna do is change the title of prison guard to Chad Warden drug forums continue to be the only source of pure comedy online bumming cigarettes off people rules b/c one time i had someone offer me a clove cig, warning that it was really st you: skate 4 me, my brain literally glowing and pulsating due to how enlightened i am: [social media manager voice] brand engagement it's cool how every music radio talk show is still just some guy in his late 30s convincing a stranger that their w poureing out a room temperature 40 while blasting a chiptune cover of TAPS the best people on this website are the ones who reply to videos of animals and say shit like actually i've been a MYSTERIOUS DEITY: hello human! i am what your kind calls a god . Im here to make an offer: i'll give you powers t i saw this band start off as a one man bedroom project and now it's turned into a full-on band that does tours and Vegan Soap Enjoyer @ wokepikachu 15m actually the thing where cartoon characters get dollar signs in their white people, age 19: wow, i love the angry guitars and fast drums white people, age 30: if it's anything other tha the one time i did xanax in college i walked all the way to the campus cafeteria, put a burger on a peanut butter s every time i see someone call themselves a digital philosopher i just imagine a guy that looks like james franco cyberpunk in books: EVERYONE IS HOMELESS, LINK THE GTX 1080 IN YOUR SKULL TO THE MAINFRAME TO BLOW COPS UP WHILE YO [bites down on the cyanide capsule i've been hiding in my left molar for the past decade] henry kissenger? haha yeah buddy he's gonna be kissen my ass as he stumbles down the long road to hell he's paved w after traveling the world and talking to people of all political and economic backgrounds, i have come to one concl paying multiple doctors so they can figure out why the only thing i find funny anymore is the idea of someone smoki still waiting for them to make Forza Watersport Bring Me The Horizon Zero Dawn just once i want a video game remake to replace a major character with Goku and not acknowledge it during the game at all ratatouille 2 looks wild they're gonna skip over skate 4 and just announce skate 5 instead welcome to our conference. we didn't have anytyhing prepared so we just paid Craig to put on his racism gear and pl you: gets drunk and posts on twitter about wanting to suck Toucan Sam's dick me: has exactly one sip of beer and g voice of reason: yknow that computer's gonna rot your brain me, 11: haha sure dude [10 YEARS LATER] voice of rea online breaks your brain so much to a point that, Todd Howard is a normal, regular human being who just has a job, it would've been really funny if the dude on stage said something about beating the shit out of nazis and you audib i feel like every video game company has a secret dungeon where they've chained up would-be EDM producers and torture them for trailer music we at bethesda are happy to announce a tiny little stepping stool for Todd to stand on so he can feel like he's a n todd howard: you've played it on pc, xbox, playstation, & switch. now get ready to play it in your mind. ladies & g what microsoft forgot to mention during their press conference is they're pushing an update to the xbox where a hot E3 is my favorite time of year because i have an excuse to make awful posts basically all day and hemorrhage follow i cannot believe that gamestop is actually going to have battletoads now E3 Presenter: Gamers. I present to you: video games crowd: HOLY SHIT IT's VIDEO GAMES Presenter: Yes. That's right. absolutely flabbergasted that they made Mickey racist for kingdom hearts 3. there isn't even a narrative explanatio nier is just kingdom hearts for people with depression joke's on you guys, when you leave the vault in Fallout 76 it just launches Skyrim in HDR that's right gamers! today we're revealing that you've been playing military indoctrination tools for the past deca holy shit they just announced halo 2 time for video game posts due to pro gamer Dennis MurderShouldBeLegal Schrimple decapitating a 3 year old child and screaming about the zi [walking down line of people introducing myself] hi, i cant read. nice to meet you, i'm illiterate. oh it's great t if Twenty One Pilots are so good then how come it took 21 of them to make all that music they didn't drift or ghost ride the whip ONCE in back to the future so that movie gets a fat 2/10 from me putting 32 woofers in a smart car and going 30 over on the highway so when the bass on lil wayne - a milli kicks i Sigur Ros: Dress For Less tip: if you get pulled over and the cop asks if you've been drinking, the correct response is NOT breathalyze me, cap\\n Grean Jeans lmao Late Night with Jimmy Failson ok no more video game posts until tomorrow holy shit i can't believe they actually announced it there is a man with a megaphone and an unloaded pistol standing on top of the EA building refusing to come down unl folks i'm happy to announce that thanks to the dedicated team at Ubisoft, nu-metal is fucking BACK E3 drinking game: take a shot every time you see someone dressed like an H&M model E3 drinking game (hard mode): ta fuck an NDA, the public needs to know about this #E32018 Madden 19 has a kneel command, but if you use it 3 infowars donators are immediately added to your match and they g we like to focus on the idea of video games being real art, and art imitates life, so we're proud to announce a gam Kevin Smith has just been announced as a playable character for Smash 5 terence mckenna? you're alive?? biggest shocker of E3 so far: EA just absolutely fucking hates Palestine we're dedicated to the realism of our sports games, and i'm sure you know how dedicated we are to current social is that's right folks, we here at EA are proud to announce Hamilton: Battle Royale for the Xbox One, PS4, and Dreamcast battle royale! [crowd boos] damn i expected tons of huge announcements at E3 but i didn't think they were gonna announce E4 that was me, sorry. didn't mean to die NBA Youngboy and his twin brother, ESPN Dumbass it's the first day of E3 and i am motherfucking ready to post every group dm has: -about 15 minutes until the bomb goes off -each of you is handcuffed to a chair -you must find i love how you can see very small parts of me in the background of this pic, and the $5 bill i was using to snort r erowid archives: finally achieved ego death on mushrooms during adult circumcision old twitter drama: the trust fund marxist isn't friends w/ the person that harasses 16 year olds cuz they had a fig and then i freaked it is just arrow to the knee for people who don't post on reddit, thank you my life motto has always been i refuse to die unless it's funny to die. that in mind, it should be your goal to m everyone in this house hates me because i keep doing shit like this if you are bald: i will not make fun of you. you are a fantastic warrior of hairless origin and i respect the smoot repeat after me: moby is bald. moby is now, has always been, and will always be bald. what this man lacks in empath still fully convinced i never came down from that one tab of acid i took when i was 17 person that i'm absolutely about to fucking ruin any chance of friendship with: so what kind of music are you into? content is evolving in ways we never could've predicted posted with my boy this is still basically the best headline any human being has ever put to paper the thing that pushed me over the edge in changing my @ is last night a friend told me a story abt how apparently n anyway sorry for the sincere posts, that shit just hit really close to home. back to posting tane 8 times a day i clowned on this guy a lot, but i grew up watching his show & related to his struggles with drug use. my heart ach this is my pinned tweet, i hate it thanks for asking. shirts: whimpbizkit at g mail dot com sound fuck it how come Robert Downey Jr. and Carl's Jr. have the same last name i feel like these lyrics are making fun of me work is making me do an online orientation and im irony posting in the chat youtube comments are a real gem the new death grips track owns woke up to this unholy thing right next to me, staring me in the fucking face, and almost screamed listening to bjork discography (flac) on shuffle at gym, fucking up n lifting weight so heavy that i prolapse right very honored that i may potentially be the first person alive to get blocked by tim hortons wait where's that video i made forever ago that was just a death grips video with the song muted new logo i made for idea for retail store: all employees are dressed in street clothes so you have to guess who can actually help you. therapist: it's so good to see you again, how are you? me: [wiping hands on my pants] i was just chugging doritos i saw someone say i was their favorite twitter account and man that shit feels good. like damn homie you got terrib i respect people that drive drunk at 2pm on weekdays more than i respect any cop. the real heroes are the dudes sma manager: it says here that you have a disability. can u elaborate? me: diy mkultra manager: what me: diy mkultra. lmao knock knock its the Shpongle Police. come out with all 8 of your hands up i fuckin hate group chats i am incredibly stupid had a dream the other night where i tweeted hydromorphone power rangers 20 times in a row and got banned from the you: 401k me: 40:1 K/D RETWEET IF YOU're A GAMER WHO HAS MADE SO MANY POOR LIFE DECISIONS THAT THE CRUSHING SPECTER DeportCommunists: sorry liberals but your're dogs wouldve voted for the big man in the white house 24.2k RTs 75k holy shit i forgot i made this got a text from a number i dont recognize so im trying to fuck with em internally: the longlasting damage social media, specifically twitter, has done to the development of interpersonal it's been like 2 months and i'm still not over this car i saw Unilad is just what the Ted Kaczynski's friends called him summer music festival season, baby! when you were young you were king of carrot flowers respect my mind or die from lead shower oh dude i love death grips the graffiti in urban exploration videos fuckin owns lol 5 years ago i made a joke where i called myself weird moby . someone took that @ handle and uses that account pret friend from high school: did i tell you that i started a couple businesses in college? nothing big but i'm proud of internet surveilance state Cons: data more valuable than human life, FBI has mics in your home, infrastructure rui all those floating vhs tapes in tony hawks pro skater are the pee tape 6.4k retweets 11k likes lol too proud of that joke to let it rot on a locked account Logitech does not condone racism, and as such we have revoked our $6.2mill sponsorship of streamer DaEugenicsGamer Mike Will Fuckin Blew It. Mike Will Is Incredibly Sorry For How Bad He Fucked This One Up. i've been to hell and back and ill tell u this: irony twitter owns compared to basically every other twitter subculture [walks into therapists office blasting TLC - No Scubs on a loudspeaker so loud that it's making the ground shake] h XXL FRESHMAN LIST LEAKED i suffered the worst fates. climbed the tallest mountains. fought hand and fist thru the worst parts of this we i didn't get to retweet this on its anniversary this year, so here. the rapper lil ugly mane glad to have this account back, because now i can say things like damn the toys\\r\\us giraffe probably got a big pu [emerges from my Posting Chamber] Hello. getting a tattoo of the Supreme logo on my chest and then cutting a rectangular hole in all my shirts so everything i own is a supreme shirt kinda bullshit that Megaman is a video game about a robot and not the name of a documentary about Kim Dotcom clowning on my boys on the TL, just absolutely shittin on em, and then immediately DMing an apology to every girl Brand New - The Devil And God Are Cumming Inside Me My new at-home cooking startup just launched! Check out all the fantastic features we offer for each of our pricing fyi, if you reverse image search the hell homer pizza burn pic, this is what happens hiring a hitman but making the target the hitman themselves. your move, bitch the cyber monday sale ends at 8am EST so I made/launched an entire line. get 20% off w/ the code cybermo wanna see something cool [sees someone enjoying something] hey i'm going out of my way to let you know i think the thing you're enjoying suc [extremely real trap shit dj drop voice] reel big fish yo! the extremely good people over at are running a black friday sale today. if ever you were going to sn girlfriend: please don't talk about the bass pro shops pyramid at dinner me: ok me, after four beers: happy to announce ive finally figured out how many sips are in a gulp youu dumb piece of shit. you mouse-faced fuck. i hate you. i hate you and your stupid tiny-ass fuckin tek deck skat shoutouts to gatorade for making the horniest promoted trend i've seen all year Initiating HORNY GOKU protocol. [15%] .. [61%] . [98%] . Running HORNY GOKU -- hahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahaha charles manson died hahahahahahahahahaahahhahaahha what a bitch one time back when i was 16 i was helping my mom cook dinner, she left the room to do somethin & yelled hey can yo [gets in a taxi] alright dude, look. I'm going to the DMV over on 8th and Main. there's $500 in my pocket. If you f here's a poster i made for a dj set my friend is playing lol this is probably the best pic anyones ever posted of them wearin one of my shirts i need professional help i love online loling thinking about a bunch of dudes tossing around a fleshlight like its a football and a bunch of old cum spill lmfao this is the most insane series of words i have ever seen just watched my girlfriend eat a chip out of the bag with chopsticks and now i'm doubting my entire life drinking a piping hot mug of boiled beer. m. Wait It's Warm What The Fuck (tm) my new slogan is Thickest Bitch This Side Of The Mississip . no idea what it's a slogan for its just my slogan now makeing a tweet Lol., i am near inconsolable laughing at this f ucking picture lmfao lookin for something fun to do on new year's eve? get drunk. just like last year. sing shitty songs all night. just loling thinking about someone getting in trouble for rting me bc of my @ handle, me getting a lot of hate-mail abou new cars are pretty expensive but u can get a 2018 Ikea Optima for half off if you don't mind putting it together yourself 2017: horny on main 2019: horny in public 2024: competitive fucking 2028: nut as money 2030: nut shortage 2031: glo emergency rooms might be open 24/7 but i'm lookin for specialty doctors open that late. i'm trying to get my dentis ChexMixForums General Life Discussion [HELP] the government brainwashed me into being a supersoldier agent of looking for a way to spice up your love life? remove the amulet. yes, i know, what amulet? feel around your neck. ok i lied 280 is fun my new metal band: drummer - skinny but lots of muscles. dejected stare bassist - not buff but large, beefy, coul goku is so big, he's so goddamn big, like, holy SHIT, have you ever seen someone that big, with muscles thicker tha haha how long until they make Vanilla Twitter servers? no image hosting, 140 characters, manual RTs? just for all o holding a cell phone on my whole shit purposely lowereing my sperm count. i loove not having kids. you wouldn't believe how much this owns girls love it when you play your $9,000 gamer pc in a small room, so when the computer overheats, your brain swells and you get brain damage eading a meat sandwich this reads like an irony tweet lmao @ this dm that was sitting in the dm requests Low IQ: borat voice my wife High IQ: big pun voice my wife oh dude i love electronic music. warp records? the best. favorite artist? easy, it's [glances at smudged ink on hand] Onahole Point Never Tony Hawk is short for Anthony Hawk IM GLAD YOU DO TOO FRIEND drove past this grocery store and my girlfriend yelled yeah, you start off with all the groceries you bought last you, an average normie: family guy funny moments me, on year 6 of being totally detached from societal dogma: dow jones funny moments lmfao it's cum. he's talking about Man's Cum. i've been waiting like three years to have an excuse to post this it's really fun to make designs and stuff coming to stores fucking never was a lie im gonna have this up on neetgear in like 20 minutes i'm gonna fuck the sun The Time Traveler's Wife's Boyfriend think i finally solved the zodiac killer's cipher Help! I've fallen, and there's no driver at the wheel And the sewers are all muddied with a thousand lonely suicides And a dark wind blows ok i'm done digging up old posts lmfao This. does not look good. Balloon boy is plummeting. happy 8th anniversary too ballon boy vilerat died in benghazi lmao I just crashed the Porsche ouu im reading hentai while these guys interview me literally just because it's funny. i hope someone texts them and tells them i tweeted this THE UNITED STATES OF JAMIROQUAI MIKE PATTON IS PATTON OSWALT's DAD MCRIB IS BACK! happy to announce ticket prices for my upcoming music festival (which is absolutely real and not fake) my latest invention(up now on Kickstarter)is a device that lets you feel the agony of death w/o actually dying. it has wifi or whatever too cosign you are walking around the beach with your brand new metal detector. you already found $8 in quarters! you are happ lmao fuck it im gonna move the fanta thread over to this account SUNN O) x RICK OWENS COMING SOON [hands u my phone] please *coughs* an ambulance [hands u another phone] i'm feeling generous call one for- *coughs* for yourself too you, a mouthbreathing buffoon: Long Chicken me, with a 1mill IQ, doing the shit from yugioh where i shatter your soul: Long Chicken Iced Tea Sphere = Common Shape Orb = All Powerful Physical Object, Shiny Sometimes choose carefully woke up at 6am and laughed so hard thinking about spelling nut as nuht that i can't get back to sleep MOOCH, YOU COWARD, FACE ME IN HAND TO HAND COMBAT ok last time i'll post about those shirts sorry, this whole ordeal has just been insanely funny to me just remembered the wetbutt self suck video lol this picture owns just got back from a meeting with every cool person alive & we decided to start calling smoothies Lunch Milk . just thought yall should kno a short story how yall doin happy halloweedhitler tryin 2 make a shirt thats just a giant picture of robitussin gelcaps on top of a high school diploma and a felt rollercoaster tycoon poster buy shirts Extremely good and incredibly cool new shirt up for sale hello List of Music Genres (Updated for 2017): Brian Eno Nightcore Flesh House Ghrunge (not to be confused with Grunge 2) hey thanks for comin out we are The Entire Cast And Crew Of TVs Friends, Including Extras, Literally Every Member barnacle jim has a lo rhythm games are the same thing as jacking off because by the end of both my wrists hurt and i'm extremely disappointed in myself Girlfriend = Diet Wife hey everyone, here's my new invention. it's called toilet egg i've brain damage These Ex-Google Employees Are Really Pissed About The Ex- Part, So They're Taking Their Anger Out On The Lower Class. Look, It's Shiny! Boku no Irony Academia more like Ted Cumz. haha more like Ted Cumz, right? lmao more like Ted Cumz. Folks, he should make his name Ted Cumz. yall hear about Ted Cu if ted cruz had won the election there's a solid chance he would've accidentally favorited porn on the official POTUS account. digest that hahahahahaha he lost the election and then got caught being horny on main ahahahahaahhahahahah hoboy today has been good all tweets have to pull numbers. no joke? don't post. under 50 likes after 3hr? delete it [drinks half of a beer] imgon na post im at 4am im gonna change my display name for the first time in like 5 years I'm working on new shirts/hats/etc, but until then, check out all the stuff I've been doing so far this year if you stay up 48hrs+ it unlocks the secret parts of your brain, giving you access to forbidden thoughts, i.e what if meat came from rocks Pixies - Where Is My Wife? forgot to sleep/eat for a day again so im just sitting here eatin 2 pieces of toast at once & staring at the sun trying to will it back down tonight i can rest easy knowing that i got zach hill to look at a picture of barnacle jim [tucks my legs against my chest and rolls down a hill covered in glass, causing me to bleed nearly to death] hey! death grips is online at any given moment im doing about twenty illegal things (ne crimes ) at once back when i lived in a small town i got my rocks off by every local news publication &pointing out that i had more followers than them i've been celibate for 22 years and it's made my brain insanely huge. did you know if you boil pepsi, it turns into coke? i found that out. started today off explaining dj screw to my lyft driver while wearing a shirt that says voreboys bc i guess that's the person i've become i'm a dumb motherfucker. i say dumbass shit, i never make sense, i'm fuckin stupid, and i suck. thank you so much for following m e online [bites into a can of steel reserve like an apple, the shrapnel cutting my gums up real bad] lmao ow this sucks lmfao im bleeding so much me, sweating and eating from a trash can: yo* (*that's the whole tweet, i don't have anything else planned for this. thanks for your time) ah yes, the five food groups testing out a new character the irony glands in my brain just tried to release so many endorphins at once that they burst like balloons and now chewing gun *rails a fat fucking line of prozac* hello you already know what it is new so anyway, i *sees a cute girl and trips, falling and triggering a $750,000 rube goldberg machine that drops a guillotine blade on my neck* craft beer is short for minecraft beer buy now bitch lol [extremely normal and regular voice, not doing an impression of anyone, just casually speaking the same way i do every day] hey dude Francis Ford Cop Killer would be a good name for a grindcore band HELL YEAH i dug up my twitter profile circa 2012 and holy shit lmao important information re: orbs All of bandcamp's profits today go 2 so I put out an single ahead of my album. Im really proud of it im gonna be posting the link to that EP a lot today sorry in advance i can't believe i woke up this morning and made a harsh noise track for the sole purpose of giving money to charity i'm a walking joke i'm only posting this so i can get it off of my computer lots of posts to make today folks every so often i am reminded of how many people with Real-Ass Jobs follow me and every time it gets more surreal and funnier to me idk whats going on rn but i love god andnmy lord jesus christ new shirt coming soon my favorite music codec is Tane Orbis Lmao ayo barkeep, yall got milk on tap hey what if instead of John McCain it was uhh... uhh. [flips through notecards] uhh. John McTane. please retweet hey everyone, yall ever [crashes into a concrete median & emerges unscathed only to intentionally bash my skull against a wall until i die] you, a moron: i flew 28 hours just so i could hike one mountain me, an adult: if a city doesn't have a good arcade i have no reason to visit cool breakfast tip for ya: put the butter on the bread before you toast it! also burn your social security card. light it on fire and laugh. yo if twitter was around in \\06 rage against the machine - krillin in the name of woulda KILLED. i dont have a job. i do not have a job. yall wanna get really fuckin into arson? not as a statement or anything dumb like that, im talkin let's light up a Big Lots just for irony weird fucking twitter bitch. lmao friend: haha u should tweet that me, wearing vans that smell like dog ass & a snapback that's never been washed: hell yeah [doesn't post it] sorry folks i got some bad news: im not weedhitler my dad works at microsfot and he told me that im weedhitler., huge if true i'm a moron lmao Outback Acid House The BOURDAIN: so smooth. what is this? ME: the cup you've been pissing in so you can play dota for 19 hours straight, no breaks BOURDAIN: superb sorry guys im one of those people who only posts increasingly esoteric inside jokes & pictures of food in between retweeting anime girls now my guy, you could've named this like, anything else the Q in Schoolboy Q stands for Qdoba. sorry if this offends all liquids are soup. send tweet if you like this shirnt u can find it at my Online WebStore (i'll have new designs up soon!) few things make me happier than when people send me pictures of them wearing my shirts [fake coughs so well that it fucks my throat up and i start actually coughing so much that i get short of breath and almost throw up] hey hey thanks for calling Deep State Pizza. hahaha no don't worry, we already know your order kinda funny how the first line in Mr. Brightside all but confirms that The Killers are into petplay [walks into family court holding custom made 8ft tall pack of american spirits w/ 20 7ft long cigarettes inside] my ex-wife is a bitch, and when you think of something insanely good to post from: JonestownSoda tomtom Absence Tom, Sorry I missed the Pfizer meeting. Caught a bad case of SIDS. -Joan worried friend: yo you good? me, opening bag of chips w my teeth: jfk killed himself, lee harvey was trying to shoot the gun out of his hand TAke a look, y'all: had a dream where i got a Bush to sniff piss& called kurt eichenwalde a doujin loving freak while eatin popeyes, so my day's already great that's what i tell myself every time too, girl nice the hot sauce wanter. welcome. to ham chat [rolls up to bank] hey! I got that goddam WEIRD TWITTER MONEY [puts check for $32.78 into the vacuum tube thing] Wo[my car stalls] shirt me an my boy smokin on that lound Getting Money Online and Generating Content For Profit. Check i ANNOUNCER: got a $500 donation from CumCenterCX. it says my grandfather died last year. i can't stop eating cum. good luck to the runners! hahahahaha what, no, no way, i'm not drinking captain morgan. i'm drinking uh. uhh. i'm drinkin, some uh, s lovin this new jay-z album, The Real Jay-Z Put His Consciousness In Lil Yachty's Body My Name Is Charles Kirk And Hova's Body Is My Prison out here hangin with my boy [sees an orb] oh hell yeah babey! wo!! yes! yes! *furious clapping* [sees a cube] what is this bullshit anti-orb propaganda doing here the steel reserve drinker has logged on [connecting.] [connecting.] Joined: HamChat Official Discord HoneySmokedDavis: so i said yo FUCK boar's head and punched him lol everybody loves sweet baby raymond zima owns IM LOSING MY MIND [while drinking franzia str8 out of the bag but doesn't care enough to turn the nozzle off so boxed wine is just pouring on me as i talk] yo thank you for such a cool weekend in detroit!! it was an honor to meet and play alongside both Billy Rae Sremmurd uh yeah im here to check in for my flight? [tries to surprise my neighbor by excitedly bursting into their house but my hand clips through the door and my skin refuses to render] fuck i'm really happy COME TO CITY CLUB IN DETROIT IN THE NEXT 30 MINUTES IF YOU WANT AN ASS KISSING Zima built a bunch of robots and then programmed them to play real guitars/drums/etc and gave Squarepusher money to make an album using them i've had like an entire six Zimas tonight holy fuck tane Tony Hawk's Battlegrounds playerunknown's GETTING UP: Contents Under Pressure hey if 20 of yall like this tweet i'll post the most embarrassing picture ive eber made. u have until my phone dies VIDEO GAMES lmao oh word COME WATCH #SLASHFEST WE've GOT A CRAZY LINEUP AND I'm GONNA SCREAM OVER JOKES AT 2:30AM EST heard someone say oh hell yeah i love period blood so i really loudly said oh same, baroque or romantic missy elliot smith im still laughing about this weedhitler v2 starts now babey [the jamacian guy from the album version of Sugar Ray's Fly that for some reason had a raggacore guest verse] yeah, lemme get a crunchwrap @ girls, im smart and- [trips & drops box full of papers that say i use the word 'draconian\\ 4 times a day but have no idea what it means ] more important than my stuff tho check out this line, which is way cooler and way better designed than anything i c also buy my shit quote tweeting this bc i'm trying to get my shit verified and need visible proof of my face existing posted at the [anticipates fucking up] fuck fuck shit fuck shit fuck what do i do oh god fuck -- [actually fucks up] ah. well, that's understandable. paying a team of highly trained medical professionals top dollar to strap me to a bed for 9 hours a day and liposuction the irony out of me Drew Carey and Jim Carey fuse to become, uh. Djrim. Djrim Carie. drunk driving: illegal, boring, bad dunk driving: sick new sport i just invented where dudes in racecars gotta score 3 pointers at 11000 RPM yall ever look at your follower count & think what the fuck? why lol hi im weedhitler & im typin this while doin donuts in rural Illinois i've got a new collection of shirts/hats up!! check em out if you can #slashfest is next week in detroit. VIP/2 Day tickets sold out, but u can still come to the big show @ City Club!! bad news: these circle avatars suck shit good news: i still have my animated avatar and no one can take it from me times are hard, but we can all take solace in the fact that for just $2.99 @ taco bell, u can get a makeshift pocket pussy. it's even edible at what point do i become one of those picture of my IRL face as my avatar normie comedians while still keeping the @ handle weed hitler don't forget the little guys who made this possible! shoutouts hello everyone from the new york times. i promise i'm a nice girl that doesn't actually like hitler! please check o motherfuck lawyer: remember, image is key in court hearings. the jury needs to SEE that you're innocent. do you need any he- m HOLY SHIT vince staples is a national treasure david cage, in the throes of a wet dream, passionately moaning deus ex but starring deray, deus ex but statting deray portishead's Numb plays softly in the background as my gnarled meat slides gracelessly in and out of a v6 engine, like a flesh pisoton while you guys are all tweeting about E3 , im doing the important work of getting them to make the holes on CDs bigger, so I can fuck them im weedhitler Slint, Michigan's water supply is all fucked up because those four boys won't get the fuck out of the lake [joe biden voice] how do i get past the sad panda oh dude i love jazz! nothing beats the greats, like uh. Mi- Miles Coltrane, and uhh [looks at smudged ink on hand] fuckin, Jim Davis kurt eichenwald is weird twitter now hey buddy, i think you got the wrong door. the antifa clus two blocks down kurt's secret, most deep, dark fetish is getting transformed into a voting machine and having people vote against hillary on him next you're gonna tell me peter daou has an f-list under the username meat_enema no no no it's okay, it's okay, really. i'm not like, ACTUALLY into anime porn, I just really really really wanna fuck my kids yall finished his remix for my album and no one is ready for how hard it is buy my shirts and music why come this big boi song got hatsune miku in it in like 10 years we're gonna look back on tropical house the same way we look back on ace of base today hey what if i listened to 49 hours worth of merzbow albums without sleep & streamed it & turned the volume up for every $50+ donation i got good morning theres only 9 url/irl tickets for #SLASHFEST left! if you wanna see me play live in detroit, act quick!! less than a month until this is out! get on it before i guilt some music blogs into posting about it gene simmons is short for genetic simmons knock knock it's the post rock police. come out with your skinny fists raised like antennas to heaven in bed, sweating nonstop. hot dogs i could deal with, but this. i roll over and look at the note scrawled on my hand; is popcorn a chip? it's cool to die is what i'm saying. look, no uncertain terms, being dead kicks ass. not breathing? that's that shit. i LOVE passing on. I- that's not. That's not what you- I mean yeah it works, it's cute but. but like. did you pick that name? that's n hey dude, check out my new band that only plays post-rock covers of Weezer songs. we're called Goddamn You! Half-Japanese Girls [points at bad thing] lmfao. thats good [points at good thing] lmao that sucks [points at myself] oh fuck uh THERAPISTS CAN't READ WORDS THAT ARE ENCASED IN A CIRCLE OF RUNES i wish i was dead lol [ties my shoes together for fun but immediately trips & spills folder of drawings of The Rock eating me whole in front of a cute girl] hello waiter: our specials tonight are poached duck, and a salt-encrusted curb me: do i bite the curb? waiter: yes. and i stomp you. me: excellent hey! its my birthday & im rly drunk so pls check out these things that i make money off of driving my car into a brick wall over and over again. btw car is my new term for skull , and brick wall is my new term for woodchipper hey i don't have a cellphone anymore but if you live in detroit meet me at st andrews hall around 6pm and i'll kick your ass and yell tane hey whats up guys, its me, Amen Jake, inventor of the amen break. anyone know some girls that would Break every bone in my body? thanks [cups my hands around my mouth and yells, but also while doing a really really shitty drew carrey impression for some reason] weird twitter. this website was built using Tiananmen Squarespace george soros is driving around town w/ a money gun, shooting women & children in the face until they write leftism on a newport & smoke it if you buy ads on twitter you have to turn in or burn your weird twitter membership card, that's how it works i fucked that last tweet up real real bad ANYWAY here's a new shirt Finally... I'm home. here's a for-twitter version of the design just bc i like it so much combination mtv cribs and unboxing video where you unbox a fridge and then move into the box i've been working w/ lately. don't have any of my designs up yet, but until then here's my favorite shirt lmfao tane tane tane tane of fools please take me out back behind a shed and shoot me with a shotgun execution style [extremely centerist voice] #resist let's get back at them by calling healthcare HerCare . also lets call emails shem- wait, wait, hold on john oliver, spine bent in half, sucking himself off, waddles into senate, yells literally in a condescending tone, & gets beaten to death here's the unknown pleasures album art but all the lines are straight working on design stuff again today alexa, tweet tane [waits 2 minutes] alexa, tweet tane [waits 2 minutes] alexa, tweet tane [waits 2 minutes] alexa, tweet tane [waits if you're afraid of needles but want a tattoo you can just eat a ballpoint pen, focus really hard, and will the tattoo into existence guess this is what i'm doing now. great digging through tapes of mid 2000s daytime tv for shutins & so far this commercial is both the funniest & most dist i've been sitting here staring at this trip report for like an hour just repeatedly thinking well yeah, that's pro hahahaha no bitch i want it to suck. i wanna hate it, actually. yo do they sell aspirin on deep web? i gotta get rid of this headache but wanna do it as illegally as possible i am in no way crying because i've already made $60 and gotten a lot of really sweet messages from people after posting about the tape sorry i've been posting about that album a lot, i just haven't actually felt this driven to start and finish something in a long time lol also while im plugging things you should definitely come to slashfest in detroit, even if you skip the show that i +0:30 - lmfao i wonder if they sell beer on the dark net +0:45 - can't find any beer +0:46 - oh shit that's a lot of xanax for only $20 therapist: have you been taking those anti-irony pills Dr. Hill prescribed? me, trying to cover up my new tattoo of the limewire logo: yes tenga egg salad hello i do graphic design work on the side sometimes, if you ever need anything at all please dm me, that would be happy 6th birthday to the Death Grips album Exmilitary! Time moves by so fast that in the blink of an eye I will be on my deathbed! [sun kil moon voice] august 2004 woke up at 2pm, ate breakfast cereal, no milk, with my hands played video games for 18 hours ive depression Crosby, Stills, Nash, Cher, Bun B, An AI Programmed To Imitate Jay-Z, Me Honking The Horn Of My Dad's Old Honda Accord, Santana, and Young what if instead of wikileaks it was called what.dc DARPA = Dirt And Rain Pi don't know what to put here Ayeah i got nothin EPA = Enron Pi'm really bad at this Agod fuck i'm sorry premium Juice Jokes at dollar store Juice Joke prices Juicero is out, a mess, a failure, a real Fuck Up. but I'll tell you what won't fail: my new startup, iHuasca the Keurig for Ayahuasca yall wanna see how fast i can click a mouse you may know 4/20, the weed day, but do you know of 4/21, the weed's boring so now i rail ketamine at carls jr just to feel something day? [dies and is overtaken by the shedding of consciousness, swirling thoughts of everything i've done in life up to this moment] lol this owns Deep State trashed my reputation when they pulled my pants down as i was giving a very important presentation in 3rd period Math happy two year anniversary 3:59am : it's way too early to post something sincere 4:00am : hello everyone here's a link to my alt where i talk about wanting to get hurt I don't know why I do things like this Hi! Here's a podcast about dumb internet shit that I'm on w/ I was high the whole time we were recording good morning now that pays me to endorse their food, something i maintain transparency on, i finally have the money to get SUPER into cocaine if just i pretended that every tweet i made was sponsored by taco bell, how long do you think it'd be before they cent me a C&D you: irony is the best. fuck of sincerity. me: my alt has an anime avatar and i like slipknot now please end me before this goes any further hey what if teen was spelled tean buy friend shirt to the guy i saw on the side of the road holding a sign that said YOU DESERVE TO BE HAPPY : I don't. How dare you. You don't know who I am. [mumbling into n-gage at the table during family Lobsterfest dinner] no look, fuck congress, we're changing it to Air Force Two. its funnier what a horrible way to start off truck month got my hands on a preview of the reworked version of that pepsi ad. something tells me this one's gonna be just as i love too drink liquids is popcorn a chip sorry i laughed during the entire procession, i imagined that Sony changed their company's name to George Sony and start losing my mind [staring at myself in a mirror] an anime avatar? really, morgan? REALLY? [trash can crashes violently into my reflection] WHO THE FUCK AM I? qdoba teenage riot also i hired two guest contributors to make tweets on this account while i do things for the next 2 weeks. i'm not proofreading shit either im anti-weedhitler now MAKING A TAPE OF NIGHTMARE CHOPPED/SCREWED METAL IDK WHY OUT JUNE 23RD HERE's A PROMO VIDEO THE TRACK IN THE VIDEO hlo, here's a poster i designed for an event has coming up soon. thanks here's my new video game hope u like it im the person who makes all those pictures of unsourced quotes in white arial font on a black background next to someone's wikipedia photo [the choir in One Winged Angel voice] cernovich the american dining experience is going to ihop & sitting there w/ a plate of untouched food until you see 3 or more people fighting outside me: hey DJ Screw, of Chopping and Screwing fame, what do you want for your birthday? DJ Screw: enjoying a nice soda not my usual content but i'm extremely proud of i remember us talking late into the night about our plans for the future hanging out with all my friends yo dude come over to my place we can get fucked up, go to FYE, and I'll play clair de lune on a demo speaker real loud while i black out/cry American History X and My Name Is Earl take place in the same universe dogg just fuckin call it a donut, it's not that hard if you think any music released after 2010 is better than Kanye's Runaway i'll fight you. this isn't irony, i'm holding a bat as i type this so few people actually care about ska that the autocomplete suggestion to find new ska bands is still outdated 3 mo the 1 time i did coke i ended up joining 6 dating sites and getting sleep paralysis while a bootleg copy of the hangover 3 played on loop my video content is all extremely good. thanks. yeah dude me too wanna give a quick shoutout to pitchfork dot com for writing at least one article about the avalanches every year since 2009 it's 2017, Witch House is BACK, and you know what that means baby, that's right, so is my chronic depression this sucks the Wu in Wu-Tang is short for Western Union [extremely Dr. Dre voice] dark ambient yeah Steve Albini produced In Utero but my genetically-deficient, socially stunted ass was conceived In Vitro pocket guide to online when i applied to colleges in 2012 i made it a point to include a link to my favstar in every single one. also i dropped out after 3 months hello, weedhitler here I'm really sorry games online are good actually lmao they're the same song 2007: when i grow up i want to work at video game 2017: id take a job as a human toilet if it meant i didn't have to stream overwatch to eat How I'd React To A Death Threat: A Timeline &lt; ...|-|...| .v -20042007-.2017 Oh no Why -- Thanks take this card & punch a number every time your work gets called dadaist . after the 20th time u can redeem it for a free shot of morphine just ran the numbers and it turns out the most ironic thing you can do is watch Frasier at 0.5x speed and binge drink folks, weedhitler here. do you get nervous around girls? here's some tips! 1) stop trying 2) buy a roland tb-303 3) cease all human contact Well, good afternoon to everyone except me, who made this picture george soros pays me $75/hr to take WAY too long ordering at Subway in order to lessen the average citizen's access to cheap sandwiches ya girl weedhitler somehow on the same lineup as kors k & the dude that made that Brain Power song those guys who s smokeing on that lound lmfao smoking catnip in my apartment's hallway and then throwing byself into the dumpster outside full force lol hahahaha hell yeah dude [walks into bar with two pistols & tries to spin them on my fingers but fucks up and shoots the ceiling like the dipshit i am] mamma mia lol this is the hardest i've ever seen anyone get owned lmfao hello i'm weedhitler, i remember it so you don't have to Hella is an American rock band from Sacramento California. Its primary members are Zach Hill on drums and The Guitarist From Hella on guitar i'm really mad it took me until right now to think to do this yall remember raresecretegg? that was some good-ass shit lmao. anyway seeya [huffs compressed air like im shotgunning a beer but the can explodes when i pierce it & a piece of shrapnel gets lodged in my skull] ow lol classic album art here. really can't get much better than this, design wise. yep. exmilitary turns 6 years old in two months lmao egg [extremely weedhitler voice] weedhitler big day today, folks! I'm g- [trips and falls down 400 consecutive flights of stairs, breaking every bone in my body] me, 2-21-17: why the fuck do i have so many horrible brain problems me, 1-5-17: hey i'm gonna go casually mix psychedelics with amphetamines this isn't an irony tweet i just like this song and want more people to hear it. thanks whenever anyone says anything positive about me, my brain rejects it, & all i hear come out their mouth is the horn section from a ska song hustle bones but the song's muted video games are good actually here's a picture of bobby flay next to a picture of todd howard. no real reason i just think they look funny next t by law, if you see a truck carrying a house, jump out of your car, land in the house, and move in before the owner, it becomes your property favorite place: club | favorite weapon: club | favorite playing card: club | favorite soda: club | favorite sandwich: club | favorite club: the things you eat/drink have an effect on how your piss smells, so i start every day off by chugging urine, just so mine doesnt smell weird hi, welcome to Subwa- oh god oh god fuck i'm sorry. you weren't supposed to- I, uh- fuck! look it's been a really l just hangin out in the kitchen cooking up a mushroom risotto with duck confit and a rosemary walnut reduction a fun way to make chain smoking less sad is to imagine a street fighter announcer screaming your combo at you every time you light a new one wow. just saw a protestor drink a glass of milk and throw up on a cop car. so much for the lactose-tolerant left hello to all who followed me because of the av club. i will now be a force in your life constantly reminding you that Shaq had a rap career. [shotguns a non-alcoholic beer] did u know even though cars are bad investments you should buy one anyway b/c they're great for screaming in 1. Dig a huge hole in the white house 2. Cover it with a rug 3. Shaggy and Scooby act as bait 4. Trump falls into t polyamory is like having divorced parents, except i get 2 valentine's days instead of 2 christmases. and also my parents are really divorced gun to my head this is absolutely one of the heaviest songs i can think of got some bad news all: i'm actually not weedhitler me: i cried to the guitar riff in a weezer song just now [walks behind brick pillar] me, wearing different clothes: haha what a fuckin loser Twitter's dedicated to safety. Starting today a boxing glove on a spring will pop out of the screen & punch you if anyone disagrees with you Moby also denied rumors that he's bald, saying \\it's a lighting trick. I've had a full head of hair my whole life\\ vet: so, what's the problem? me: my doberman ate a bunch of tylenol and is crazy sick, so could you put me down & give him to a better home? when you read my tweets, remember that my mom has probably seen that tweet, read it, and had to live with the fact that her daughter made it [nature documentary voice] when one of these majestic weird twitter users says im rettarded , what they really mean is hey wanna make out korn and mindless self indulgence are the same band, just operating on different irony levels i'm only posting this so i can make another tweet right after it and not have anyone pay any attention to it im defecting from weird twitter & giving away all their trade secrets, like for example , people fucking lose it when you just reword things visualization of a really good conversation i had my enemies taunt me by painting beautiful murals in invisible ink, making me put the paintings in an oven, risking burning them, to see them i'm extremely normal but still socially maladjusted. basically what i'm saying is i listen to migos but i only listen to migos in FLAC G4's Curse (Passive) INT -2, SPD +3 You're unemployed. That's it. (Can only be removed by playing every episode of Cops in reverse order) looking at the mp3 players at goodwill desperately trying to find one that already has creed's with arms wide open on it peaceful antifa protestors rushed the stage and changed my Final Jeopardy answer to Im naked behind the podium when I wasnt looking me, trying to pretend i'm a white supremacist so i can leave a bar full of white supremacists unharmed: haha yeah 1387 or whatever my dudes woke up & found a video on my desktop i don't remember making. i apparently saved the project file as tychosocial I'm desperate for money & do graphic design work on the side, so if you need album art, shirt designs, posters, or don't tell anyone you saw this the tapes in tony hawk's pro skater have video evidence of CIA agents using illegal interrogation methods. please get all of them if you can Copying DoomMetalPlayingOverDemolitionVideos4k.mp4 (98.22 GB) from HELL YEAH (C:\\Windows\\HELL YEAH) to HELL FUCKIN YEA (E:\\HELL FUCKIN YEA) [sees someone else that still has an animated gif avatar] Friend, Hello got banned from legoland for trying to set off a duplo bom not sure if this is just the compressed air i huffed/massive head trauma i've suffered talking, but going outside is good and posting is bad i'm gonna wake up tomorrow and you're gonna tell me that we're doing state sanctioned Youtube to MP3 conversion therapy now hmm. [slams stack of Tame Impala albums and $82 in ones on the counter] Hey. I'm Protesting Right Now. Just Wanted To Le bank teller: how much do you wanna deposit me: i'm retarded teller: no, how much do you want to de- me: i'm really fuckin dumb teller: me to to date this is the best @ mention i've gotten on this online website if a news site is looking to hire a fake news\\ expert , is it pass for me to put made up a fake story that you ran under qualififactions i had this up on some youtube account and it got taken down so i'm putting it here now hello oh shit i finally got my invitation ah yes, my favorite genre of soda [whispering while writing tweet] fuck i hope no one notices i've been faking being ironic [coughs] [at normal volume] i mean uh Orb. Hello. i don't know i'm sorry WebMD is short for Web Medical Doctor every time i get extremely drunk i tweet some variation of im weedhitler and i always pin those tweets after waking up just as a reminder [opens a bag of big league chew and pours all of it into my mouth at once, then chews it until it makes a horrifying sound] hey dude wats up bury me with my fonts i have sincerity poisoning folks, the hot new trend online in 2017 is gonna be making really bad posts, just the worst possible posts you can make, awful posts, etc my entire life i've been under the impression ODB stood for Ol Dirty Best Friend & only just now i find out the D stands for Dave Is My alright i knew soundcloud was getting desperate but i gotta draw a line somewhere, and Goldman Sachs\\ Soundcloud A [using a megaphone] THIS IS THE POLICE PLEASE OPEN UP, WE're WORRIED YOU're BOTTLING EVERYTHING UP AND YOU MIGHT REACH A BREAKING POINT SOON ok time to actually survey the damages and see what i've tweeted over the past week cummy lol internet - cum - wgat tge fycj us gaooebubg - good morning! please visit ! thank you! DO YOU LIKE KIDZBOPYAOI also im sure i have hearing damage now FUCK TWINKS @ me i'm famous oWo NICK WHERE THE FUCK IS MY QUARTER POUNDER nick jara is missing this monstrosity right now - i got a wicked fucen boner wearing fursuit lol :3 *sees someone badmouthing Hitler* hey man, his shitty paintings helped me through some difficult times . and he was trying to be better Silicon Valley: Hey, what if we built new platforms that let teens create their own celebrities? *5 minutes later* So Gotti is a fake movie that got made as a front for some massive fraud, right? Love to normalise violence against women by calling it personal demons Music industry: Hm, theres a billion people making music. Lets give a music career to ... this guy who beats up women R.I.P. Xander Xerxes Xavier T. Entacion Ian Curtis: Hey man we need an album cover, you can draw straight lines right? Ian Curtiss graphic designer cousin Trevor: Uhh . yeah Going to start a makeover show where I take ska bass players and turn them into nu metal bass players Capitalism is good because it gives unimaginable power to a guy who has never read a book that didnt have a spaces Loving the Beyonc/Jay-Z album. Really dig the tracks Please Sign Up For Tidal, Please, Help! Our Streaming Serv Put Jeff Bezos in prison and take all his money away California Thats it Australia . wait for them to get tired from over-kicking Watching soccer, eyes turned completely black: New Nas album review: its not good enough to make people forget he beat his wife Please give money to the Racism Dog patreon to fund the surgery the dog needs to stop being racist Follow Its his birthday and he oughta have 20 trillion followers on here Bad news, soccer fans: I forced my Roomba to drive back and forth over some dog shit for 1,000 hours. Heres what my carpet looks like now The most successful people Ive met: 1. Are famous for stealing hamburgers (and the police cant do shit) 2. Are t Incredible. With all the trouble in the world right now, the World Cup is more than just a sporting event. Its a chance for ev Accidentally crashing my car into that raccoon the second it reaches the ground Sad news, Waluigi fans: Solidarity with all the kids wholl get beat up today when it turns out they were lying about their uncle who works at Nintendo Wow this new Kojima game looks incredible . how many RTs to put Max Payne in Smash Bros? E3 stands for Excellent computEr games for Everyone BREAKING: President makes half-hearted attempt at wiping pizza grease-covered hand on sweatpants before shaking hands with Kim Jong-un Congratulations to Elon Musk on selling nerds the one thing that could make nerds worse You: mm, perhaps I will try the IHOP burgers Me (bet $3 million on the standing for breakfast): NO TONY DONT Burglar Holy shit, Sony just announced the PlayStation 5! I regret to inform you that the Kanye/Cudi album is good You watching movies: Buh, Im watching objects in motion Me (not fooled): This is merely a rapid sequence of still images Dilbert Fucker Disgusted by how many people are liking tweets from that RacismDog account that just tweets slurs in dog language Analysis: Millennials should be willing and able to scavenge for supplies and dodge roaming gangs of cannibals as t Hi I have an idea for your next album. I took the liberty of creating some concept art: Teens now: Smearing avocado on their tide pods Teens 60 years ago: So horny for Fred Flintstone that they had to be hospitalised . Have you considered adding a fifth d to your name? Puddle of Mud Holy shit. Biggest announcement of E3 so far: Its wild that you cant tell how tall an actor is from seeing them on screen. Brad Pitt? Two inches tall. Claire D If Sam & Dave wrote the song Soul Man today it would probably be called Website Man. Really makes you think #AgeYourselfIn3Words ACTIVATE AGEING MACHINE Achieving the perfect twitter experience by always having blocked or being blocked by whoever did the tweet everyon My work is finished announces serial murderer The Munchkin Killer in letter to police What you gonna do when you get out of jail? Tip for anyone playing Rock Paper Scissors - scissors beats both paper and rock, so you should always pick scissors Star Wars fans wailing and gnashing their teeth after finding out Yoda was a puppet and not a small, horrible man I cant believe they arrested DONALD FREAKING DRUMP please RT Adults cant be trusted to like Star Wars, George Lucas was right to make Star Wars movies for children Wow, theres already a script for the Jared Leto Joker movie. Its pretty twisted! OH NO Where have you gone, oh Melania/ Our nation turns its lonely eyes to you Talking centipede: Hey man, hire me as a joke writer Dennis Miller: Sure, whats the worst that could happen IM SCREAMING! [no funny image, Im just screaming] Well never hear it now that the beef is over, but I have the lyrics to the career-ending Pusha diss that Drake rec Does this tweet seems suspicious to anyone else? NEW MUSIC REVIEW TIME New Oneohtrix album - fucking great New Kanye album - mostly pretty good THIS HAS BEEN NEW MUSIC REVIEW TIME Is this a meme? Trump calls for Samantha Bee to be cancelled and replaced with a new series of Renegade where Lorenzo Lamas has a gun for a hand Water is fake. Dont @ me Larry Mr Drugs Drugs Drake just dropped the most notes app apology screenshot of 2018 Wow, USA Today is asking the REAL questions: Drake SNAPS BACK at Pusha T by reconnecting with his son and being a good father for the next five decades I dont know why people think this tweet is suspicious. Seems fine. Roseanne blames racist tweet on the medication shes taking (racism pills) How Do You Sleep Pusha destroys Drake AGAIN on new track I Found Out You Have An Uncle You Dont Even Know About (He Sucks) Holy shit. Pusha went there. Said Drake is named after a type of duck. Shots fired ABC fires Roseanne, says she crossed the line from being racist enough to have a TV show to slightly too racist to have a TV show Disneyland (for Its time to bring back adventure games with text parsers You: Anime Me: Actually, its pronounced aneem Zack Snyder: Give me $1 billion to make a Racist Batman movie Warner Bros: Hmm... no. Zack Snyder: Then give me $3 What a strange tweet Heres your next meme template Mayor Wolf Im sick of fake news like that Ive been KIDNAPPED and am a victim of ELDER ABUSE. I certainly dont need you to I. havent implemented radio buttons properly in this UI Pretty devastating in that diss track when Drake says the T in Pusha T stands for Tim, the man who is bad at rapping Solo was pretty good but there wasnt enough jazz in it. Ive written a script for a jazz-focused sequel. cc: May the repeal the 8th be with you Ah, my timeline is full of incomprehensible one word tweets, basketball must be happening North Korea talks cancelled after President Trump is hospitalised with severe pinch injuries. Witnesses say he fell Very excited that Disney are making a Star Wars movie about my favourite character, divorced insurance salesman Bob Afett Im reading about where Elon Musks money came from, its a fascinating story: Disgusted that in the new Battlefield game you control a female soldier who propels herself through the air by spra Microphones can be damaged by dropping, it would be better to place them gently on the ground 2020: Elon Musks paramilitary has seized power. The US has been renamed Epicbaconland. The only news website is XKCD. That being a billionaire doesnt keep you from posting on this stupid site is an excellent argument for why there shouldnt be billionaires No I cant have sex with you, Grimes, Im yelling at people on the computer! Rest In Peace Philip Roth. Youre with the angels now. Everyone please think Im smart for knowing who Philip Roth ATTENTION, PS4 OWNERS: Your dying PlayStation is about to disgorge an egg. DO NOT touch the egg Wow, Im excited to see this bold new vision for Watchmen: THREAD Wow this Marx guy was smart, I can see why the kids like him so much People whore surprised by Grimes have obviously forgotten her tweets from when she was dating Willy Wonka This is a good list, because it correctly puts Revenge of the Sith in the top 4 Star Wars movies This new Grimes album is weird Obama: Make more episodes of Real Rob. But fire Rob Schneider and replace him with me. Netflix: Can we at least cha Sully has weighed in on the escaped airport ape: New giraffes (for Royal baby watch begins NOW with the BBCs 24-hour live stream from inside Meghan Markles fallopian tubes RT if you agree that the hardworking British taxpayer is paying for this wedding, so its only right that the publi AWKWARD! Paul McCartney is at the wedding and theyve seated him next to Mark David Chapman Here it is, the best piece of movie trivia ever, about Ilsa, She Wolf of the SS: The only thing that stops a good guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun, when he shoots his own brains out, which Computer, show me everyone being mad about the same tweet The new Parquet Courts album is extremely good Wow, this list is quite surprising: HOT TAKE: The Yanny/Laurel thing is genuinely weird and interesting and Im not sick of hearing about it. Also, non Ive been silent on this issue for too long. I have to speak out. Nothing about this method of preparing hamburgers Jamie Oliver: Oi! A wrong un nicked me bangers! Me: Why are you talking like that Jamie Oliver: Too clever by alf *whiteboard at the White House with thinly veiled fascism crossed out and just regular fascism circled in red* Weird that for two days in a row he had to borrow money from her because he dropped his wallet in the toilet I too would like to welcome the HamFan - a large fan for cooling hams - to my ham storage locker. My hams have ne Israel: They want us to shoot children, because itll make us look bad Me: So youll stop shooting children? Israel: Absolutely not If youre an RTJ fan who hasnt heard this album, you gotta hear this album *sniper shoots a child 200 metres away* I had to do it, he couldve flown a kite or tied a rope to a fence I did it. I found the worst fact on Wikipedia: The opening crawl for Solo has leaked. Ugh. Im sick of Disney pandering to SJWs: Welcome to the world, Swamp Thing Camper-Wentz A human mother gives birth to one baby at a time, whereas a spider mother can lay hundreds of eggs in one go, so Mo Happy Mothers Day to the ! Polyamory: Its Not Just For Cults Now, Its Also For Nerds Great news for fans of Brooklyn 99! *Uncle Boonmee voice* Eyy! Im recallin past lives heah! MORE TORTURE says guy who shot his friend in the face Wow! Philanthropy in action: I MISS YOu! I cant believe this company is going out of business Rick and Morty gets 70 episode renewal after successful parcel bombing campaign by fans Sad to hear about all those shows being cancelled, but luckily the sitcom Doughy Schlub With An Implausibly Attract The point is, Jeff Bezos is just some bozo who got lucky, and the government should take away 99% of his money Jeff Bezos: What if you could buy things on the computer? Capitalism: This is a brilliant idea and definitely not s The good thing about Roman Polanski is that he died immediately after the release of Chinatown, so I can enjoy that movie guilt-free 2018.jpg Me: Why must I buy many individual Pringles in a tube? Why cant I purchase a single Master Pringle, two feet in New York Times: What if this dumb shithead is actually a genius? Me: Thank you New York Times Logging on to the Dark Web to download the one Dilbert comic where he says fuck Trump calmly walking into McCains funeral completely nude, walking up to the coffin, turning around, walking back Cant believe Grimes is dating the guy who owns Tesla instead of dating me, the guy who got a $3000 insurance payou Incredible scenes at the Met Gala, people really took to the theme What If Dilbert Is Real? Incredible Disgusting that people are celebrating Karl Marxs birthday even though he killed 100 million people in a single ba The only two songs ever I cry every time I hear Imagine Hell yeah, I cant wait for a week of everyone screaming at the first random idiot who writes a why that Donald Gl Look forward to the factory having a Wonka-esque fatality rate You really should be following The new Jon Hopkins album is super good. Definitely the best producer who almost has the same name as a hospital DJ Khaled: AH! I dont know what Im doing here! *blasts rap airhorn at wifes vagina* This was my favourite scene in Star Wars (1977) The one guy in the world who gives a shit about Robin Hood, finding out theres a new Robin Hood movie: Oh. Good. Slithering back into my man cave (broom closet packed full of pet-grade raw meat) Protomartyr and Kelley Deal *Italian chef kiss* 2019: After the DeviantArt Massacre, an NYT columnist argues that DreamWorks should be forced to make an mpreg Shrek movie Optimus Prime Giuliani: Boy its hot in here, Im gonna take my shirt off Hannity: Rudy, you dont have to do that. *Giuliani r Interviewer: Hello, Mr. Giuli- Giuliani: Trump deliberately drowned a monkey in a toilet once Interviewer: What? Giuliani: What? Hey go look at Bransons Swan Boy website. Swan Boy rules! Kanye in a month: Thank you for all the feedback. I need some time to reflect and clear my head. Im going to go li If you think things are bad now, wait till Kanye becomes a gamer John Legend picking up his phone, sighing, throwing his phone in the trash Oh no, the cover for the Kanye album leaked Kanye: I dont want to just be famous as a rapper *finger on monkey paw curls* Interviewer: What do you plan to spend your billions of dollars on? Jeff Bezoss brain: Dont say sex robots. Dont Judas (for If I had the Infinity Gauntlet Id reorder the cosmos so there was one Marvel movie and 19 sequels to The Nice Guys *nerd voice* 90% of mainstream movies now are $400 million versions of things I liked when I was twelve but I wont The year is 2025. Every movie is a trailer for 30 other movies, and sucks Heres my take on the WHCD: Jeff Pedophile, Nazi doctor is insanely good and by far the funniest thing anyone has ever said at that event I fixed that New Yorker review of Infinity War, now everyone can be happy: Hire me to host the correspondents dinner. I guarantee to do 100% jokes where it sounds like Im talking about the That New Yorker review of Infinity War is good and right about everything *mutes replies* Developing a new type of quantum physics to explain how Kanye simultaneously occupies every point on the political spectrum Captain Ahab Am I allowed to do this with my own tweet? You: Holy shit! Janelle Mone is pansexual Me: Holy shit! Janelle Mone is bringing back mid-90s computer puns Infinity War makes history as the first Marvel movie where the fun Stan Lee cameo becomes a grim reminder of elder abuse Joy Reid? With all the blogging she did, they should call her Joy Write! Hello Are there any spidered men in the new Avengers movie? If you say yes Ill scream The Establishment: Stop creating political artwork. Your artwork is too powerful, it could bring down the whole sys Hey you should do a joke about how the NFL has a draft, and they could stop the draft by installing new weatherstripping The dragon torches Tesla workers if they try to unionise Final Kanye thought for now: Kanyes music hasnt been interesting for a while, if you want music with all his forw I feel bad for Pusha that hes been making King Push for like five years and its going to drop in the middle of this Kanye storm In the age of precision-tooled album rollouts, its genuinely refreshing to see Kanye promote his album by just being insane on twitter Kanye would instantly become an Assadist if Assad told him those shitty shoes look cool Kanye is baffling to people on twitter because everyone on twitter spends 18 hours a day being angry about politics Wow, I cant believe Kanye likes a rich guy with megalomania and an inferiority complex BIG plot hole in Infinity War: many people meet famous movie star Robert Downey Jr, but no one ever comments on how 1) Owning cattle 2) Being a cattle rustler 3) Being a sheriff who hangs cattle rustlers AVENGERS: INFINITY WAR REVIEW * SPOILER WARNING* It was two and a half hours of special effects punchin One of the best things to ever happen on twitter if you then dont you dont love me dese This album cover finally makes sense Whoopsie-daisy! They gave the royal baby a crayon and it just signed a decree reinstating feudalism Getting my drafts ready so I have some top content to post as soon as we see a photo of the royal baby American Stalin, stay away from me American Stalin, mama let me be Starting a GoFundMe to pay for laser removal of my tattoo of Shania Twain voting for Hillary Kanye is good again In my opinion, children should spend less time listening to Chapo Trap House and more time buying maps at Jimbos M Me: I like this thing Some stranger on twitter: No you dont Paul McCartney (1964): Ahh, I love making good normal rock music that everyone can enjoy *uses marijuana once* but Happy 4/20 to whatever fucking lunatic invented the stupid American date format THIS GUY made the list? What the hell, Time? #Time100 Okay fine, Ill do this one for real #GameStruck4 *lowers sunglasses* Neil Armstrong - the Moon Landing Latest case of this site is garbage: DOGGEAUX got suspended for nothing and can now be found at Rudy Giuliani at karaoke, changing the lyrics of My Sharona to N-n-n-nine eleven Four games that have defined my life: Shaggy (in 1995): Call me Mr. Boombastic Shaggys friends: No. Its bad enough that you already make us call you Shaggy Everyones raving about how good Nancy is now, but did you know Marmaduke also has a new, much better writer? Is it Jurassic Park? Wow this guy just cant stop agreeing with rappers *anyone else says something positive and inspirational* Me: Fuck off *Kanye says something positive and inspiration Pre-emptively getting insanely mad at the people who are going to scold me for the jokes I do when Kissinger dies Four films that define me: Check this thread out, these comics are amazing I got the Comey book. Cant wait to read it! Oh no, what has former Skrewdriver frontman Morrissey said now? BAKOONs dogs found out about religion Hi Im a professional graphic designer and Ive created a cover you can use for your new album Scorpions. Congratulations to Kendrick Lamar on causing 500 monocles to pop out simultaneously Superman (for *for this tweet, imagine that James Comey is a famous comedian instead of being whatever he actually is* James Come Fuck off RT if you agree Kanye should get this neck tattoo instead RIP R. Lee Ermey. You were good at shouting. Probably the best part of Beyoncs set was when she dragged out Post Malone in chains and made him apologise for looking like that R.I.P. Milos Forman. His movies were so great they shouldve called him, uh, Milos Fiveman 1) polio shouldnt be capitalised 2) there is no known cure for polio The pee tape will be five seconds of peeing then twenty minutes of sex workers being bored by a Trump anecdote abou While I applaud Cynthia Nixons stance on marijuana, I cant in good conscience support her until she apologises to Paul Ryan retires to spend more time driving to the river in the middle of the night, throwing five or six garbage bags into it Hi could you play some calming ocean noises or something? Turns out the winner of the Moby/Eminem feud was the merciless passage of time Moby (plucking and individually steaming each kernel from a corn cob): Poor people arent sad enough Id hate to be Zuckerberg right now! Hes really getting grilled by Congress: Wow. This might be Trumps most controversial tweet ever When the deprogrammer says but I did get Paul McCartney out of Wings and Homer says You idiot, he was the most t Ah, I see you posting about the Apu situation, have you considered that [some idiotic thing 5 million other idiots Hey if you want to follow good ol Lowtax, hes tweeting from now (ignore this if youre one of his many enemies) Jeff Crime, The Worst Mugger In The World (for You: Enjoying fulfilling relationships with your family and friends Me: Microscopically analysing every frame of th I was skeptical about Solo until I got to the bit of the trailer where he says his famous catchphrase Its all Star Wars to me, baby! A fun thing about wrestling is that if you watch Wrestlemania and a wrestler you liked 15 years ago isnt in it, it means theyre dead I cant believe this worked! Lets make this happen! Donkey Kong Should I listen to the new Dr Octagon album? Weird, did anyone else get this message from Twitter? Would you rather have 30 million dollars or 30 million Blu-ray copies of Deuce Bigalow: European Gigolo? We looked at what Gareth Edwards had filmed and it was a nightmare. His car was parked in the background of every The firing of Kevin Williamson sets a dangerous precedent. Do we really want to live in a world where the media isn Sad news. I just got fired by the Atlantic for refusing to renounce my belief in compulsory euthanasia for British Owen (owing) Benjamins? Sounds like me and my ex-wife!! (unpaid alimony) IF YOU DONT LOVE ME AT ME DESERVE ME AT ME Look, England, you can either be a real country or be a country where theres a man named Lord Sugar, but you cant do both Whats actually weird about this is that people there didnt see any bunny and it only appeared in photographs Thank god that Channing Tatum got divorced, freeing him up to begin dating Steven Crowder in a celebrity couple that I will call Chowder Every American comedy from the 1980s that isnt Spinal Tap Pranks only exist as a socially acceptable outlet for psychopathy Preparing to block and report anyone I see badmouthing Jesus Christ Superstar Congratulations to my son Jeffwick, who won the traditional Easter Grapple for control of the egg of respect McDonalds: Instead of burgers we now sell . jeans Everyone: Oh no McDonalds: We fooled you, it was a prank Ev R.I.P. Alias Jesus *replying to thousands of wasnt a good friday for Jesus! jokes to say actually the word good is used in an Everyone who makes these Disney brackets is guilty of Bedknobs and Broomsticks erasure ITS A TRAP This ruling is surprising but fair: People say Johnny Cashs Hurt cover is better than the original, but I never liked how he changed the lyrics: Johnny Cash (on his deathbed): Im going to cover . that Vengabus song Rick Rubin (reaching for a pillow): Goodnight, old man Old person watching a Tweety Bird cartoon: I assume this bird has conservative opinions and isnt afraid to express This song rocks!! Dont judge the new Roseanne till youve seen all of it. Yes, she starts out hyperconservative, but by the end of t This is a tough bracket, folks. What is the best Disney/Pixar film? Hello I dont know what a spider man is but it sounds horrible. Please stop making comic books about it. The Ten Commandments RT if you agree that regulators should make Mark Zuckerberg swap his trademark hoodie for a sack of penance made Our pal Lowtax of is permabanned from here AND needs neck surgery. To raise surgery money hes live In hindsight, maybe it was a bad idea to destroy the revenue model of every cool website and instead use that adver The 90s peaked when Nintendo named a Super Mario World boss after Trent Reznor Birthday magician (for Wow, there are some VERY salacious details in the Stormy Daniels interview: I like and you should follow him A lot of people say Tom Hanks is a nice guy, but how do they explain this? Helpful flow chart. Owning a gun is weird. Hmm . Im probably going to have to do a lot of murders. BETTER BE READY. Space walk You: 2018 is hell because of impending nuclear war Me: 2018 is hell because of this: 2010 - Four Lions 2011 - The Raid 2012 - The Master 2013 - Her 2014 - Nightcrawler 2015 - Inherent Vice (it came o Taking a stand against Facebook by clicking Going on all your events Im not going to Its my birthday. I demand that you follow my instagram and also throw treats into my mouth. This is the law. A Trump/Biden fight would look like that time when Marilyn Manson fought his guitarist This will get quote tweeted by everyone but theres no point. The tweet is beautiful and perfect and nothing you sa What would be great is if the neighbours of a murderer got interviewed about the murderer and they said He was an *reading news story about how great some guy is* wow this guy sounds great *reading further* oh no, hes a bomber and hes dead The clear takeaway from the Facebook situation is that all nerds should be separated from the general public and confined in Nerd Zoos Thank god, Zuckerberg has finally addressed the data breach: Twitter: In case you missed it, here are some tweets you already saw but didnt think were good enough to click like on Hi For $10,000 Ill use my social media reach to start a rumour that Stephen Hawkings last words were They said I was mad for spending ten years training two dogs to eat the same piece of spaghetti but Im about to be Pink Flag Marvel: Infinity War is the most ambitious crossover event in history Me: Stormys Lawyer on MSNBC. Ill paraphrase. Everybody should retweet the pixelatedboat account more. New slogan suggestion for Twitter: Were too incompetent to misuse your personal data Enjoy the last few days of memes existing where the image in the meme isnt Trumps penis Uber suspends DeathCar project after death of pedestrian. Spokesman says the cars werent supposed to kill . yet. REPORT: Cambridge Analytica made secret list of racist aunts on Facebook (every aunt on Facebook) The Hot Snakes album is out and it kills Share if you agree this was the best movie of the 90s Ricky Gervais: Political correctness has gone MAD! What next? Do I have to call a manhole a PERSONhole? Is that it? The best part of the future will be when a malevolent AI traps this guy in an I Have No Mouth And I Must Scream sce Dont mock Ben Afflecks phoenix tattoo. It symbolises how he has risen from the ashes, reborn as a guy with a tattoo that sucks Big news, Marvel fans! Wolverine will be in Infinity War but, due to rights issues with Fox, instead of having claw Jesus Christ, shitty carpenter Happy St Patricks Day! Dont forget that if a leprechaun kills you in your dreams tonight you die in real life Hey Brisbane people, go see Toms show, its funny as hell Hmm . starting to think I picked the wrong bracket strategy (creating an account then forgetting to fill out the bracket) Goddammit now I have to like Eric Idle more than Terry Gilliam, this sucks Im pretty sure Infinity War came out like a year ago. Dont correct me if Im wrong. Lets settle this once and for all Recently-divorced Trump Jr. marries sack of potatoes with WOMAN written on it *Ricky Gervais voice* ooh! Im going to SHOCK YOU with my NORMAL OPINIONS that EVERY MIDDLE-AGED WHITE GUY HAS Happy Pi day everyone! (3/15 is like pi - 3.15) [in heaven] Stephen Hawking: Ah fuck! Why are there so many parrots? Why are all the parrots biting me? Argh! God: 10 years ago we had Johnny Cash, Bob Hope, and Stephen Hawking. Now we have no cash, no hope, and the government confiscated my hawks R.I.P. Stephen Hawking, he taught me it was okay to be the smartest man in the world Trump is going to call him Stephen Hawkings Editorial cartoonists sweating trying to figure out if Stephen Hawking would still be in a wheelchair in heaven Staying morally neutral by liking an equal number of respectful Stephen Hawking tweets/Stephen Hawking jokes Were 15 years away from the CIA accidentally creating the Space Taliban Trump is a weeb Hes going to build a Gundam So long, Oilguy McTexas Okay Ill help: Radiohead is emo The one-handed man (for Follow Jim Henson If you liked it then you shouldve put a glove on it - a jingle I would use in an ad if I owned a glove store Its Daylight Savings, so dont forget to scream I CONTROL TIME NOW! and set your clock on fire The new David Byrne album is great according to me, the exact target market for a David Byrne album with Oneohtrix Point Never on it America needs a president with the strength of will to ban everyone in the country from calling mains entrees Merry Christmas I still dont know who Jordan Peterson is and if anyone tries to explain who he is Im going to block them Im working on a script for a big sci-fi movie, I expect to sell the script for a million dollars Another typically disgusting tweet from Sexist Bernie Sanders: On your first day in prison, walk up to the biggest prisoner you can find and tell him you paid $2 million for a shitty Wu-Tang album Martin Shkreli sentenced to seven years in prison for rapping along to a Wu-Tang album, saying ALL the words REMAKE OF THE MOVIE TWINS BUT THE TWINS ARE OBAMA AND ROB SCHNEIDER *borat voice* my wife, whom I deeply respect The second half of the 20th century, or as I call it the We Didnt Start The Fire Cinematic Universe Hi I think its time you got a new catchphrase so I took the liberty of creating one for you, I thin Hire some real fucking dumbasses circled on a whiteboard at the New York Times Hamburglar with breasts crossed out on a whiteboard at McDonalds HQ Lil Xan under fire for making me find out who Lil Xan is Making a statement! Arbys is turning the r in its logo backwards in honour of the band Kon McDonalds is turning its logo into a W in honour of women, instead of the usual M in honour of company founder Charles Manson Why Oh god. Twitter is putting a reply field under tweets in the feed now. The last thing this app needs is for it to So excited for this movie, I cant wait to see my favourite pop culture characters team up! [whispering to date while watching Ready Player One when a signifier of my lost childhood first appears on the screen] Im sad You get tazed if you try to enter a screening of Ready Player One and you arent wearing one of those unlicensed t- Martin Shkreli decides world hasnt suffered enough yet, makes everyone listen to a half-assed late-career Wu-Tang album Lil Wayne: Ah, its time to start rapping. But first I will light a scented candle *Makes a Nunberg joke at the exact moment everyone realises hes actually unwell and the jokes stop being funny* Every editorial cartoonist is currently drawing Trump as the captain of the Titanic and writing Nunberg on an iceberg Now I have to find out who Sam Nunberg is? This is bullshit. I demand that all things in the news be done by the same five people forever Incredible. Thank you Guillermo for reminding us what really matters: What a touching acceptance speech from Guillermo del Toro! This is so moving Hollywoods dirty little secret is that theres no such thing as editing. Most of the footage for every movie is si Spare a thought for the guy backstage who snaps the neck of each Oscar trophy to stop its infernal screaming Congratulations to the REAL winners tonight: the specific people and films that win the awards Best Oscars segments: 1. Tribute to actors who died this year 2. Tribute to actors who didnt die this year but we wish were dead . and the Best Director Oscar goes to Clint Eastwood for his film Two Hours Of An Old Man Silently Polishing A Gun Ah, a classic Brooklyn BBQ. Delicious! #TriggerALiberalIn4Words Im triggering a liberal Wow, the poster for Death Wish is unusually blunt Blade Runner was the only movie I saw twice last year, therefore it was the best movie. You can cancel the Oscars. Huge win for gun control - Zardoz will no longer vomit out guns for Brutals under the age of 21 Death Wish (2018) - A dying child (Finn Wolfhard) has a magical experience after wishing on a shooting star that he The twist at the end of Dance With The Devil is so chilling The new Breeders album kills. They sound very much like they did in the Pod era. Kim still has the best singing voice on earth They found out that every dead dog in a country song was murdered by his son Im organising a gamers rights march in Second Life You see, its a reference to the Nutty Professor, I explained to the Afghan farmer whose family just got vaporised Hey, can you guys burn me a CD-ROM of Video Strip Poker for Windows 95? I dropped my copy in a toilet The AR in AR-15 stands for ARGH! Ive been shot with a gun Were two days away from Trump announcing a plan to put a Gundam in every school Big win for gun control! Walmart has announced it will no longer sell guns to customers who are screaming Give me Congratulations to the new White House Communications Director, some asshole Sweet Thing / Candidate / Sweet Thing (Reprise) Hi I took the liberty of creating a title/cover for your reunion album. I dont require payment ( Joy Division were named after the joy of being able to do long division in your head Its disgusting that Barbara Streisand spent millions on transplanting her head onto a dogs body but didnt also t Hi I wrote some lyrics for a song you could record, its called Tickled By A Ghost: Trump moves Kushner to top of his worst son list, above the one I think is named Paul, the other one (also Paul?), and the child Boilermaker, Gladiator, The Art Of Self-Defense John Lennon (in 2030 A.D.): I need you to travel back in time and stop me before I release a smooth reggae album. Y I PLEDGE TO WORK FOR FREE for any school to help secure the children. I am a 29 year retired veteran, Infantry Serg Babe Ruth (for *to the tune of the Daytona USA theme song* Fursonaa Leonardo da Vinci: Buh, Ill design a shitty helicopter that doesnt work. Duhh, Im a genius Thanks for clearing this up, NRA! Hi the R in your bands logo is the wrong way around. Please fix it. Bad news, gun owners - KFC has announced its ending its NRA partner program where you can shoot a KFC manager and not go to prison Mister Sun Love this album! Share if you agree that if a school shooter tried to shoot a teacher the teacher would simply catch the bullet and Replace all cops (cowards) with teachers (perfect marksmanship, no fear of death, impervious to bullets) Fuck you, Olympics. Im not learning the names of all these countries. Everyone is from China or France Another new Hot Snakes track wo Joss Whedon: What about a Batgirl movie where she falls in love with a middle-aged guy who DMs her asking for feet Homer is a tankie Democrats are the party of Marvin Monroe and Republicans are the party of the Babysitter Bandit (sorry Ive only seen season 1) NRA gets killed by children, which is the exact opposite of what they want to happen Rubio: We need guns so we can. Rubios brain: Dont say fuck them Rubio: .fuck them Crowd: BoO! Trump: This is a very, very emotional time, but we should all remember that *stares at notecard for 30 seconds* gun Hero teacher gets shot by police who couldnt tell which random idiot with a gun was the school shooter R.I.P. speedway legend Billy Hotrod Graham - hes gone to the big racetrack in the sky! Oh really? I think that might go something like THIS: James Bond: Ill have a GLASS OF HEROIN, shaken not stirred Some personal news: 2018 will be the year I finally get around to listening to the Go-Betweens These children couldnt possibly understand politics, unlike me says adult moron who is consistently wrong about everything A cool thing about banning guns is that everyone who likes guns could just pick a different hobby and everything would be fine Hollywood responds to success of Black Panther by planning 50 more Martin Freeman movies Ah crap, Ive been found out! Trump endorses Romney: Who the fuck is Mitch Romney? He wants to be a senator? Fine, I dont care Wow, just reached a big follower milestone! (Im now followed by an equal number of Jeffs and Geoffs) CNN reports that President Trump spent the weekend at Mar-a-Lago repeatedly banging into a glass door and attemptin Celeste is 1) a very good game and 2) a very good way to get arthritis Hmm . very suspicious that these children who got shot at dont like being shot at An apology: in 2016 I shared a meme of Hillary Clintons head photoshopped onto Garfields body, with the caption Its been finished for 11 years, except I cant think of anything that rhymes with Fermats Last Theorem I dont care what the libs say, this amendment is beautiful and must NEVER be changed I tried to see Black Panther but I was accosted by a gang of black youths, they said this movie isnt for you, whi You (pretentious snob): That was a tour de force Me (hard-working, salt of the earth): That was a tour of force I cry every time I hear this song Trump: *gives thumbs up* Aide: Mr. President, this is a Holocaust memorial Trump: *respectfully rotates thumb 180 degrees* Figure skating hack: if you put headphones on you can make them skate to whatever song you want. Surprise, idiot, y Miss this show Wow. Incredible to learn that Russian trolls on twitter invented the phrase it me. You all got played *Rodney Dangerfield voice* No collusion! Its fucked up that Iko Uwais hasnt been cast in a Marvel movie yet Very exciting to watch America become the America from Robocop and Australia become the Australia from The Simpsons Watch out! If you let the government take away peoples guns its a slippery slope to the government making other g The reunion lineup is DArcy, James, the top half of Jimmy, and the bottom half of Billy Hm . on the one hand we could fix this by taking all the guns away, but on the other hand its very important t Here it is, the only Valentines card anyone will ever need Roses are red Candy is delicious Me (guy who has played 1080) watching snowboarding: JUMP OFF THE CLIFF YOU IDIOTS! ITS A SHORTCUT! Hetero fellas, this is the only Valentines Day advice you need: *waking up with a lump of coal where my heart used to be* Argh! I forgot to leave a sheeps heart on the doorstep for the Valentine Goblin! NYT sends editor back in time to hire Hitler Annual reminder that Valentines Day was a scam invented by Goodyear to sell all the heart-shaped tires their factory made by mistake Probably not a good sign that the Smashing Pumpkins reunion single is titled Bitcoin Anthem (Fiat Is Dead) You: I dont care about a Pumpkins reunion unless DArcy is involved Me: I dont care about a Pumpkins reunion unle They call them CDs but with all of the perverse sexual content in todays music they should really be called SEEDYs! The Olympic event Im most excited for is Amazon Presents The Mountain of Death, where skiers race down a treachero Extremely disappointed in Bari Weiss and also the rest of the Love Unlimited Orchestra Were six months from the headline Logan Paul dies in failed robot masturbation stunt THANK YOU Jeff Sessions for standing up for the REAL persecuted minority group: Sheriff-Americans *I try to post a gif containing Olympics footage but a drone with precrime division written on the side emerges f Me as an Olympic figure skater: *the whole crowd boos as I faceplant while attempting a lunge in time to the I mis I cant wait for this album to be released in 2067 I Extrapolated A Whole New Personality From Owning One Flannel Shirt (feat. Uncle Kracker) Every article defending Woody Allen [writing this wiki about Cranky Kong] the first thing people need to know about him is that his wife is dead [listening to a Radiohead song] hey this sounds pretty good [some sad asshole starts singing] whats this guys problem? this sucks now Hey, if you like (which you should, hes brilliant), check out his short stories, which are also brillia Probably the least successful rebranding effort ever but credit to the guy for trying [In New York, watching the Son Of Sam commit a murder and not intervening to stop him in any way] Only in New York, baby!! Its #NationalPizzaDay! Celebrate by having a classic New York slice! So cruel that in the biathlon they make the athletes build a snowman then pick up a rifle and execute the snowman Venom (2018): Tom Hardy plays a herpetologist who believes snake venom holds the key to curing Crohns disease. But Five words: BURT WARD ISNT DEAD YET Me: *slams the elevator emergency stop button, unfurls a colossal diagram* Its called land curling. One guy thro Winter Olympics announcer (screaming): Are you ready for some COLD SPORTS? Hi I thought of a rap you can use on your next album: Im like Bill Gates because I have a lot of windows Thank god this sort of thing wont be possible once Congress passes my bill Anyone Who Doesnt Like A Disney Movie Kissinger: Kill them Trump: The North Koreans? Kissinger: No, those men standing over there Trump: Those are my son Twitter posts first profit ever after strong growth in daily active users and teens posting memes about eating ass Ugh. Of course my LIBERAL professor failed me for my paper Constitutiob good? Yes. Eat flag With all the crazy nonsense that Donald Trump gets up to, I bet his wife Ivana Trump is thinking Ivana divorce! (I want a divorce) An introvert is a pervert who gets off on being introduced to people Trump, five seconds after the big military parade starts: This is boring! Show me a picture of a dinosaur OH! So THIS is fine, but I got fired from Disney for suggesting it was finally time for an X-rated Air Bud Quincy Jones: Now James Dean, oh man, that guy is a real stud. Interviewer: You mean was a real stud. Quincy Jone Quincy Jones: Miles Davis was a wonderful guy. Wonderful. Couldnt play trumpet for shit, but he taught me the secr Former school bully, now aged 46: Where the fuck is my car? Elon Musk, stepping out of the shadows: You shouldnt When this photo was taken Reagan had been dead for three weeks You: Elon Musk should spend $20 billion on eradicating extreme poverty Me: Elon Musk should spend $20 billion on not being a nerd Elon Musk: *fires a car into space* Me: Thats great, Elon, but why dont you do something about poverty Elon Musk: God: Thank you for the car, Elon Elon Musk: Youre welcome, God Trump: I want a big military parade. With a Garfield balloon, like in the Macys parade. And a balloon of me, bigge Game of Thrones guys: So in this movie were gonna cut Chewbaccas cock and balls off Disney: No. You can cut off t Elon Musk launches rocket full of gold to Mars, where none a you consarned greedy sumbitches can get yer stinkin mitts on it Farmer Dans eggs (for Doritos announces new, quieter chip that doesnt scream Dont eat me, I have a soul just like you! Absolutely disgusted by this part of the Solo trailer. What are Disney thinking? Oh man, I cant wait to see this movie Sad to report that rioting New England fans have burned down Billy Braggs house Weird that the rules say Tom Brady now has to be sealed alive in a football-shaped coffin and lowered into the Mariana Trench *10 seconds left. The Patriots need a touchdown to win. Tom Brady has the ball* Ghost of Tom Bradys grandfather: Y Rodney Dangerfield Hologram: Im seein a lot of fumbles tonight. These players are no good at handling balls. They The REAL winner of the Super Bowl is Unilever Veterinary Services, the company that euthanises the dogs they make the footballs from *watching Justin Timberlake fire a t-shirt cannon full of doves at the crowd while When Doves Cry plays* this is Have to admit, there were tears in my eyes when I saw this part of the Solo trailer: Lando: Han Solo, meet Chewbac Share if you agree! Inspiring words from Tom Brady Who will win the Super Bowl? Disgusted by the NFLs new slogan Its time for some CTE: Classic Touchdown Entertainment! Dying child: Justin . *cough* . I hate Prince. At the Super Bowl, please desecrate his memory by performing alo I think Nigel the dead bird accused of being a pedophile is the moment when we should all agree to turn off the i Prince Hologram: Justin, I hereby absolve you of responsibility for the Janet Jackson incident and give you a free Hes going to score the winning touchdown *to the tune of I Zimbra by Talking Heads* I Tonya The new Steve Reich album is a banger You (invested all your money in Bitcoin) - Poor Me (invested all my money in grappling hooks, knockout gas, and th If the BBC broadcast an image like this after a female journalist interviewed - all hell would break l Its Groundhog Day, when everyone in Pennsylvania tries to hit the same rat with a hammer at the same time Its great to hear Justin Timberlake open up on his raw and introspective new album Exciting news, guys! The NYT has agreed to publish my op-ed titled By persistently ordering an unreasonably large Okay, Im going to do #hourlycomicsday2018. Wish me luck!! People are touting Joe Kennedy i as a future president but I wonder if theyd be as enthusiastic if they knew abo Hi I tried using your flamethrower to warm up my floor (the floor was cold) and now theres fire on pret Hey Switch owners, you can get Night In The Woods for Switch now, and you should, because it rules The Pauls Boutique 33 1/3 book in 2006 Doc Brown: You did it, Joe! *Joe Kennedy i watches as the text on the gig flyer hes holding changes from Dead K I was having sex in the bathroom at Union Pool and I dropped my pizza slice on the ground. A green hand reached out New Yorkers Share Their Favourite Stories Of A Boring Thing They Think Is Interesting Because It Happened In New York My condolences to all New Yorkers on the closure of Authentic Sals Rat-Filled Pizzeria Ive seen the script for Fantastic Beasts 2 and I dont think fans will be happy For a five minute interval during halftime, any crime committed in the stadium is legal Imagining a world where Don McLean recorded a Candle In The Wind 97-ish remake of American Pie, about 9/11 We now cross live to Joe Kennedy This is by Dont do this if you arent going to tag the artist in the original tweet. Optimising my twitter experience by tweeting about the State of the Union but not watching the State of the Union Inspiring words from Trump at the State of the Union Trump: Id like to give a special shoutout to the, uh, dead war guys. Great work fellas. Weve got some of their Ive obtained a leaked draft of Trumps entire State of the Union speech. I expect it will be controversial. Passion 2: Electric King of Jews Aides convince Trump to cut Top 10 Buttholes In Porn section of State of the Union down to Top 5 Buttholes In Porn Its tragic but also unsurprising that JFK was ultimately undone by his own hubris I did a Twitter Audit and the results look good! 2018: The Spheres are a workplace perk 2019: Sphere use is now mandatory 2020: Remaining workers who have not For sale: baby shoes joke, never retweeted Everyone: SHOWER RAT! Some asshole rat scientist: Its doing that because its dying. Meanwhile in the dimension where Bernie won, the Grammys just retroactively gave the 1993 Album of the Year award to In on the Kill Taker Grammys Give Best Album Award To General Concept Of Nostalgia God damn. I didnt even know he was dead I usually find political statements at award shows mawkwish, but I have to admit I was deeply moved watching James Congratulations to U2 on winning the Grammy for Currently Existing Band That Dads Like That Isnt Foo Fighters Im disgusted that the Grammys included this in their In Memoriam segment Wow, what a moving acceptance speech from Kendrick Congratulations to Post Malone on winning the Grammy for Musician I Hate The Most Based On Seeing One Photo Of Him Grammy nominees for Best Rap Album: Yung Xanax Lil Xanax Big Xanax Lil Yung Xanax Big Lil Xanax *scrambling to think of a joke about the dead IKEA guy* RIP the founder of IKEA, he was buried in a ... chair If any of you run an ad agency and need an ad for cars, I made this and you can have it for $10 million Protesting the female Colonel Sanders by ordering a KFC 12-piece bucket and demanding the staff write heteronormativity on it *Fred Flintstone voice* Scoobydoobydoo Its times like this that Im glad Jay Leno is dead Proud to announce that Ive designed the costume for the XFLs mascot, Merbo The Police Bird Who Is On A Two-Week *David Bowie voice* Ch-ch-ch-change the date This research has already led to a 400% increase in incidents where a scientist holding a gun doesnt know which of Hi I have an idea for a new wrestler: Gary Strength, The Man Who Is Strong Enough To Lift A Washing Machine Not sure how theyll write their way around the last episode, where Murphys time machine malfunctioned, stranding Ah, shit. RIP Mark E Smith Wise words from a wise man China bans Rappin Rodney for spreading the corrupt Western concept of no respect Cant believe Three Billboards got an Oscar nomination even though theres a post-credits scene where Sam Rockwell My pick for Best Picture winner is Dunkirk, a comedy about the wacky residents of the Dunkirk Nursing Home who rais My pick for Best Picture winner is The Post, a horror movie where a mad genius creates a lethal virus that is sprea My pick for Best Picture winner is The Shape Of Water, a moving biopic about Gustav Drimble, the father of fluid d My pick for Best Picture winner is Lady Bird, a 3D-animated movie about a working-class pigeon from the Bronx who f My pick for Best Picture winner is Get Out, the true story of a young boy with lethal allergies who lives his life My pick for Best Picture winner is Darkest Hour, a thriller where terrorists attempt to kidnap the president after My pick for Best Picture winner is Three Billboards, the story of an unpopular teenager left alone for the summer w My pick for Best Picture winner is Phantom Thread, the best movie ever about an evil tailor who dies and gets his s Congratulations to Twin Peaks on being nominated ten times for Best Picture The real horror is that society is run by a generation that thinks motion smoothing looks fine Cant believe Drake stole my artwork for his new single Jar Jar Is Pregnant so. you don't want a goth gf me: ihob waiter: we only have BURGERS now motherfucker if you ask for pancakes i will KICK your ASS college twitter: OK THIS IS ACTUALLY ME THO 1,234,455 RT 4.5M LIKES i love responding to dm requests [girl accidentally runs me over with her car] her: OMG IM SORRY me, crushed under her tire: haha soo like what are we my favorite part about living in LA is that if i get hit by a car theres like a decent chance itll be someone famou me: hm i wonder what important stuff is going on today twitter moments: Have you seen this big dog ? He eat spaghe looking for a gf. dm me if you: -are taller than 510 -actually, lets say 65 -wait no 610 -ok fuck it please only if ur friend falls asleep a fun prank is to put his hand in a bucket of warm monster energy so he has dreams about if AIM was still around every away message would be like i WaS aN iDiOt ,BeGgInG oN mY kNeEs On To ThE fLoOr, No this is definitely my favorite song on the new kanye album [elon musk wakes up to his hot girlfriend, his actual rocket ship, and billions of dollars] elon: hmm. methinks LADIES imagine this, its 15 years from now. your son is up to bat. your daughter is cheering him on in the stands. my body: please. eat some normal food. maybe some vegetables. please me: how about another slice of bread wit interviewer: hi. is your nose pierced? me: no interviewer: can you get it pierced? me: ...yea? interviewer: welcom me: h- hot topic employee: u wanna see a dead body i found summer is almost here you know what that means -not ever leaving the house bc its hot -going to the beach but n man when post malone said who are you calling a cootie queen? you LINT LICKER! i absolutely felt that shit texting every girl in my phone did you hear dj khaled doesnt eat pussy? what an idiot. by the way, im not like him this is getting out of hand we are living in a simulation my date: im really interested in space. i think its fascinating me, trying to impress her: i had sex with elon musk everyone says stuff to me like wow i bet cute women dm u all the time but i promise you its 700 dudes saying A ladies you have $15 to spend on the perfect man $300 - works out $200 - smart $400 - smells nice $70 - has a job $ its 4/20 you know what that means!! -quit my job -take 3 hits of weed in someones garage and get way too high -com really glad to see kanye is tweeting again! i ordered 30 of these last week and they just arrived today. now idk what to do with them are u serious lol after the yodel kid followed me i dmed him to try and get him to come out as whethans guest at coachella. and it ha coachella checklist for tonight: -pay 18 for one beer, pretend im drunk -have a girl sit on my shoulders until my l me: i hope my brain will let me focus today. i really need to get some studying done! brain: brain: brain: brain: lmaoo i hate target. i always go there expecting to buy only one thing but i always end up the yodel kid followed me. stoked on this. i love u bro if u ever wanna hangout just hit me up fellas take notes this is how you properly slide into dms me: not today, satan! i feel good! nothing can get me down satan: me: aww. okay yeah tomorrow could work maybe imagine falling in love with someone and getting married then finding out they retweet cloyd rivers we need a disney princess who is green and also an ogre guys who drive white honda civics/ BMWs love to speed thru gym parking lots like that shits about to disappear. i p hate to be problematic but i feel like the sesame street writers were just being lazy when they decided to name him big bird someone just got a tattoo of a character i drew and tweeted years ago named cylinder man im crying lmao ily doctor: im sorry to have to tell you this but you have instagram comedian disease. which explains why you can only i love the people on twitter who don't care at all about politics. it's so refreshing when media twitter is losing oprah: surprise!! look under your chairs!! audience: . bread? oprah: BREAD [audience members eyes all roll into t why was there always one kid in middle school who had a shirt that said pain is just weakness leaving the body lm wife: if you dont stop talking like fred flinstone i swear to god i am leaving you me, fighting back tears: well s 2013 twitter: why would i send someone a direct message? thats weird lol 2018 twitter: [dm to a random girl] hey h one time i forgot what the band modest mouse was called and i said humble hamster hey guys today is the last day to vote for me in the shorty awards and honestly i'd like to make it to the next rou bank account: please... please stop buying things you dont need .,, i am dying me: but. but i need really need college girl who studied abroad: Heres to the nights we wont remember With the people we wont forget me on the today at work i went pee and this other guy peed in the urinal next to me and then like 2 hrs later we somehow wen so embarrassed right now. my mom just walked in on me while i was watching Crazy Frog - Original Crazy Frog Song - 10 Hour Loop on youtube happy valentines day to everyone except whoever made this happy valentines day if your significant other retweets a post malone parody account you're allowed to break up with them sorry everyone. i tried. i really did very controversial half-time performance. cannot BELIEVE justin timberlake shot kylie jenners baby out of a cannon and into the crowd could your child be texting about EGGS? look for these acronyms! HYWTE- how you want them eggs OEEP- over easy? ea idk why anyone would wanna read about me but if u do heres a short interview thing i did w/ elevatormag enjoy hulk hogan: u kno what day it is me, sobbing: the ten year anniversary of my fathers tragic and untimely death hu DATE: are you on twitter? ME: no DATE: i just found you... isnt this you? ME: haha what. no. not me DATE: this one l the stuff u see on snapchat maps is honestly insane ok i think this is the best meme ive ever made bro i am 3 kombuchas deep today my chakras are so aligned right now i think im about to start levitating out this bitch spent the last 8 hours trying to re-write ed sheeran lyrics to be about stuart little, unfortunately all i came up guy at coffee shop: can u watch my laptop me: sure [3 minutes go by] guy: thanks me: ok so what are we me: ok clearly no one wants to see stuart little in a car crash. i dont want stuart to die. but could you imagine s me: art major: [scrolling tumblr while eating a whole pack of cigarettes] honestly i hate my parents me, pointing gun: this is a robbery. give me the combo to the safe or ill blow your head off bank teller: ok its... me: yo haha i love smoking weed let me hit that joint [i get so high immediately that i call the cops on myself an mechanic: so what seems to be the problem me: well i dont know. i guess it all started when my parents got divorce waiter: we only have tap water, is that okay? me: listen i wouldnt even care if you shot me with a gun black mirror writer: what about an episode where... webMD. becomes human. other writer: thats just a doctor grandpa: my boy... before i die. i just want to let you know that- me: lmaoo the wendys twitter account just fuc wow im nominated for a shorty award ive never been nominated for anything guys pls vote for me ill personally ki sometimes ill like my own tweets. just to be like hell yeah bitch that was a good ass post. i think that's what self care is right new texting slang for teens: ICOWAH - im coming over with a ham WHTJ - what happened to jeff? BTB - bring the beef phone sex operator: what are you wearing me, looking down realizing im wearing an aeropostale shirt: .definitely not aeropostale person, bleeding out: you shot me! with a gun!! you shot me in the fucking leg!! what the hell!! me: ah sorry i hate when someone quote tweets me and tags their friend n goes like omg jess did u write this no bitch. i wrote it. what the hell alexa, please help me get my ex wife cheryl back me: my grandma died random teen: my grandma died?? this why i love twitter man. idk how people come up with this man is really going to get us killed ugh today was literally the WORST DAY to get my logan paul tattoo 2016: touch my butt and buy me pizza 2017: choke me daddy 2018: just dont even talk to me. dont look at me. co me: in 2018 im gonna stop agreeing to things i dont want to do random person: hey wanna come to my nieces hai im keeping notes on how many dogs i pet in 2018 guess what ive already got one so im doing fucking great before the ball drop does anyone wanna christmas check list: wake up drink coffee until im shaking wrestling match with racist uncle jeff, he smashe lil wayne: real gs move in silence like lasagna garfield: yo this song fucking slaps me: norm kelly, city councilor, wearing a supreme hoodie: yall ever notice how ice cream machine at mcdonald always be roke ?? LMAoO . do you want to go to applebees later they have those $1 margaritas so ill pay if u want me: guy riding around college campus with a longboard: yea dude this thing was only $120 at zumiez and its such a mcdonalds drive thru worker: h- me: mcburger worker: sir we dont- me, whispering in his ear: s Anxiety what if ur not good enough s Depression everyone hates you s Anxiety its me agai man fuck the fcc this sucks we gonna have to start sending nudes by carrier pigeon now statement from roy moore after the loss wow trump is really stoked on 2018 haha me in 4th grade on google search: big sexy naked boob me now, smart: big sexy naked boob (HD) me sober in an uber: me drunk in an uber: ya but you see, their parents never catch them. the sister is always tr in 2018 we being wholesome as shit u better text ur homies hey i hope u had a good day every night before bed rt if you think should start making vines again when vine 2 comes out i am absolutely changing my name to austin/blake/chad and becoming a viner when vine 2 drops [i clean my room and drink a moderate amount of water throughout the day] fuck bro 2018 is gonna be my year i can this is our first thanksgiving since grandpa was diagnosed with relatable teen quote disease. he keeps saying shit PLEASE SHARE: i am a 23 yr old struggling writer in los angeles. RT this so a big time hollywood producer can see m hey girl hahah umm what do u say we have another drink and then we babe tell the truth are u talking to other dudes on animal crossing or no damn i need me a girl who: -tall as shit -look good in yellow -go BEEP BEEP BEEP when she back that ass up -s my wildest dreams came true. thank u the best bday gift ever i dont ask u guys for a lot but listen to my boys song pls. also come back and tell me how fuckin good it is facebook: Happy Halloween everyone ! twitter: happy halloween lol youtuber: Theres A Ghost In My House And He T [i see my homie sitting down by himself at the school dance] bro i noticed u aren't doing the monster mash. is everything ok? halloween music songs about monsters songs about mash (it was a graveyard smash) monster_mash.mp3 im going to do several tweets about the monster mash get ready folks [immediately after my baby is born] lmao can you even kickflip fuckin poser frat guy: lol why do girls all dress up as slutty maids or cats every halloween shut the fuck up Bradley you've hey girl haha uhmm do u uhh wanna go back to my place and uhh lil uzi the cutest mf in the rap game right now if u ever need a place to stay bro hmu youre not sleeping on the co folks its friday u know what that means!! sit around all day and do nothing get absolutely sauced at night im at the skatepark and a girl just broke up with her boyfriend by coming up to him in a shirt that says #SINGLE i am deceased heres an inside look at my wednesday night aight people are saying i look like young bernie sanders what yall think 280 characters? folks, what is this, game of thrones? LMAOO. seriously though, ive been eating out of my neighbors ah, it seems i have access to 280 characters now. i, like many others, would like to use this extra space to bring 280 characters? idc. let me know when they allow enough characters to fit the entire stuart little script in one tweet when lil pump said fergalicious definition make them boys go loco i really felt that shit damn wow i cant believe the world is ending today :/ ladies if u need anyone to talk to about death slide in my dm, (single women only) :/ yall still wearing weed leaf socks in 2017? LMAOO couldnt be me. i dont even wear socks im homeless if i see u texting while pushing a cart at costco im hittin u. its way too crowded here. vroom vroom bitch i need my 4-pack of mayonnaise wow ted cruz needs to chill just took my first hit of weed ever might just say fuck it n go ride a horse just found out about some shit called limewire gonna go download kiss me thru the phone by soulja boy smh im never using uber again please stop bullying him he's trying his best ok cop: do you know why i pulled you over me: ...because i was lis- cop: because you were listening to logic will not be watching the fight tonight, ill be reading the BIBLE. ladies dm if ur also reading the bible i am: male female experiencing an erection lasting longer than 4 hours seeking: male female to contact a doctor immediately me, in bed with a girl: ive never done this before her: im sure youll do fine [i land a backflip perfectly] her: haha sick game of thrones spoiler alert: i am depressed friend: havent seen u tweet in a while. u alright? me, literally dead, in the ground: [i give a quick thumbs up] things have been kinda weird since i moved in with a twitter porn bot bro dont write a swear in my yearbook u know my mom gonna read this friend: hey can i see ur phone me: uh yea just one sec my mom asked me for a pic of ed sheeran and i tried to be funny and i edited it i didnt know she was gonna frame it fuck being sad its 2017 we positive as hell from now on. call up your boy and tucc him into bed. kiss a bird. ride a horse bitch. we happy. in this house we kiss our homies goodnight just found this sick ass abandoned warehouse! thinkin about throwing a party here. DM for address hillary clinton: henlo all u heckin smol beans me: fucking slay my life queen i feel like were not far off from a future president addressing the nation by saying henlo to all my heckin smol beans n im scared hey guys im looking for freelance/contract/full time work or literally anything!! please hire me to write stuff for you. thanks!! when ur test has a short answer question that says explain the sugar deal but you didnt study me: hey guy who runs fake bryson tiller account: if u dont bring positive energy, i wont vibe with u. simple as that. [my tweet gets 16 likes] wow since this is blowing up, check out my gofundme project raising money to tape a bunch of squirrels together made this handy guide so you can identify spiders when you see them in the wild [after standing in line staring at mcdonalds menu for 17 minutes] me: ok im ready. can you help me not be sad all the time met this girl online and we've been talking for a few weeks. what yall think? they should do a baby-only screening of Boss Baby 2 if u put a parental advisory warning on any picture of ruth bader ginsburg it immediately becomes a hard ass mixtap its summer 2017 that means... dudes wearin rompers late night fidget spinning possible world war tucking ur homies into bed twitter: avril lavigne died in 2003 me: wow lucky She Only Like Me When Its Convenient But Listen I Aint A GoGurt U Cant Jus Grab-N-Go therapist: so... youre having relationship trouble? me: what do u mean my friend cant come in bouncer: theres no way hes 21 me: but- stuart little: dude its fine lets just go you, dumb: may the fourth be with u me, an intellectual: im sad and i want to die a lot person: help!! im drowning!! me: wow ppl still out here drowning in 2017? smh literally anyone: hi person who went viral once: for business contact my manager peepeepoopoo haha yeah i fricken love 4/20 lol weed rules bro lemme hit that [i take one hit and immediately get so much anxiety that i puke everywhere] i love turning my dm conversations into ironic memes hey folks. my previous job ended and im looking for a social media/writing job in la. hook ur boy up and ill give you a kiss. thanks just saw this video where the kid says damn daniel! lol. freakin hilarious im desperately in need of a place to live by the end of april but instead of actually looking i did this smh millennial doctor: whats the problem me: my arm is broken millennial doctor: damn... sometimes it really do be like that how long before the chicken nugget kid puts DM for business in his bio and moves to los angeles RT if cuffing season is over and ur absolutely back on ur bullshit damn barack fooled me again ill never forget this random kid who dmed me a selfie, then took a really dark turn rapper: hey me: damn this shit go hard this how ppl with androids text: Hey It s Jeff Sorry I Sent That 4 Hour Ago It Just Went Thru. Wats Up Lol damn, i need me a girl who is: -very strong -has a tool set -good at using the tools -i actually just need help building a shed you, dumb idiot: wow beyonc is literally slaying my life omg me, really smart: [unreasonably depressed about things i cant control] me: i wanna die Elite Daily: This Picture Of Justin Trudeaus Butt Will Restore Your Faith In Humanity me: ah finally. a butt. i am cured zoom in on the dogs nose :) lol [my guinea pig makes a weird ass noise] me: right. thats what im saying dude if ur man ever say the word scrumptious out loud in public just dump him flirting- 2015: touch my butt :) lol 2016: choke me daddy 2017: go rent a fucking u-haul truck from home depot and run me over with it good morning everyone its time to get out of bed and have woke opinions online just heard this song called bad and boujee . pretty good! i could see it getting popular soon me: hey trader joes worker w/ ponytail: have u tried the vegan cheese. it tastes just like regular cheese for anyone wondering, i will NOT be doing sex tonight. i will be reading the BIBLE because god is my valentine girl: did u bring protection me: yes i brought... [looks at smudged writing on hand] a condor large bird in room: yaa who tryna fuck lol oh, u like kid rock? name 3 times you've fought your step dad, poser i relate to charlie brown because im sad all the time, i have a huge head, and im not sure my psychiatrist is a professional *the sun comes out* hell yea time 2 catch some feelings haha *sun goes away for 5 minutes* crazy how nothing in life matters lol i literally cant explain how many times a cute girl has seen me eating sliced cold turkey out of a bag alone in my car trump: im not racist. im friends with frederick douglass. he goes to a different school though you wouldn't know him if u still dont believe in the loch ness monster then tell me wtf this is me: its getting warmer outside and the air smells different! seasonal depression: isnt that sad as hell tho for no reason me: well shit if you plant a leather jacket and some cigarettes in the ground & wait a few years you can grow your own arctic monkeys album when two country music stars have sex they morph into a ford f-150 [i sink a third consecutive crumpled up paper into the garbage can from 3 ft. away] ME: ...how about NOW? WIFE: yes. i still want a divorce i just came home and my dog looks a lot different does anyone know what this means my safety word during sex is cole sprouse [while trying to smoke a pot brownie] yeah me and my boys are gonna go to burning man this year i helped create and write this. please smash like n retweet it will make me a big happy boy. ty u can only rt this for like the next hour lol just doing some research ladies its 2017 if ur man doesnt have a chode he aint shit [tomi lahren literally calls BLM the new k] me, good at comedy, super woke: more like Toby Landrover. cute girl: hey me: hmm. this must be fake news anyone surprised by the recent news obviously hasnt seen this trump quote from 1997 if u die at hot topic no one will notice for like a week they will just think you're dark & mysterious your mcm says doggo and pupper out loud me last year: lets get drunk me after one year in LA: lets get fuckin wrecked and go to whole foods girl: hey me: im drunk and i need u all to understand that if bernie sanders was a sandwich he would be bernie sandwich happy new year haha wow cant believe its 2069 now. RT if ur depressed me: its 2017 no new friends im tired of all the fakes gerbil wearing a tophat: hey me: ok maybe just one new friend heres an xmas bingo game you can play with the whole family! merry christmas. time for ur cool uncle to offer u one hit of a joint not knowing youve been high for like the last 7 years in the meadow we can deadass build a snowman my guy one time i was really drunk and forgot what malcolm in the middle was called and i said carl in the center christmas song: have yourself a merry little christmas, make the yuletide gay mike pence: idk what a yuletide is... but it must be destroyed this is not satire. this is real. lmao internet in 2006: oh look grandma emailed us a casserole recipe how nice internet in 2016: Here Are 10 Reasons The McRib Sandwich Is Racist finally cnn reporting something good i literally cant stop laughing at this. jake butt tight end wow, donald trump is TIME's person of the year. know who else was person of the year? i dont know, i cant read and the scars remind us that the past is real incoming papa roach tweets doctor: we cant continue the surgery unless you stop singing papa roach lyrics me: fine ill sew myself shut im really drunk and idk who made this meme but i want u all to see it therapist: so how are you doing lately me: WUSS POPPIN JIMO therapist: hmm. not good. ok a girl pulled up next to me at the light and we made eye contact then she saw i was eating a ham sandwich and she rolled up her window my neck my back steve bannon looks like the guy from a zombie movie who dies but no 1 cares cause he was abusive to his wife & smoked crack if u want a shirt, they are all re-stocked! they will go very fast. also use code CYBERMONDAY for $5 off! ily!! family: so... are you... dating anyone? me, splitting open a 48-pack of hotdogs: these were on sale can you believe it happy thanksgiving im thankful for weed and bongs hah. 420 bitch 2015 ironic tweet: hitler is bae 2016: oh shit there are actual nazis yo yo mic check 1, 2, im depressed wow the cars 3 script got leaked already and it sounds awesome!! so excited for the new Cars 3 movie i heard lightning mcqueen is going to try heroin me: its a metaphor. you see, stuart little was small in size, but his heart was the biggest thing of all [therapist sighs & looks at watch] me, after years of being convinced: ok, i agree with u all. kanye west is actually a good and cool artist. ppl today: uhh actually bitch, why im single didn't you uh. didn't you run for president though lol [something starts going good in my life] NEWS COMMENTATOR: well folks, it'll surely be interesting to see how he'll manage to fuck this up [stuart little stops next to me at the light in his fuckin sweet ass little red car] my gf, immediately: i think we should see other people been sad all morning cause i realized shrek doesnt have a last name today is so fucked. i listened to like half a coldplay album without even realizing when the world goes to hell i want every trump supporter to listen to a recording of them self saying he tells it like it is im the first person in this video. look how sexy i am trump: what are you drawing melania: uhh. nothing in case you're somehow still undecided, heres a helpful graphic i made! that's right, it is my birthday today. its time to drink precisely three beers and call every ex gf ive ever had while crying literally what the fuck mcdonalds honestly im just looking for a girl who's ok with going to kohls on a first date ugh once again im the only goth person at this trader joes just typed my symptoms into webMD and it said my wife debra is cheating on me [at bar] girl: ur cute can i have your number me: [struggling to remove a single raw hotdog from my coat pocket] im sorry what dang it!! i cant remember if racism is actually good or bad and now i don't know who to vote for :( me: have you seen this movie? it's pretty funny woke person: actually its problematic me: no yeah. yeah that's what i meant oh ur a cubs fan now? name literally three different species of bears u fuckin idiot [looks up from book, lowers glasses] oh, there's sports on tv? sorry, i've been busy reading... [looks at book title] ...porn people love my instagram stories damn i need me a girl who: -short -funny -cute -has whiskers -starred in an adventure comedy in 1999 -is actually stuart little fuck it im tweeting about stuart little today date: so you like reading? me: yes im currently reading the one about the mouse date: of mice and men? me: no, stuart little pls watch this very short & important video i wrote today with #DMYourCrushDay my favorite vine if j. cole & my girl both drowning and I ca- wait why were they drowning together in the first place is she cheatin on me friend: why is ur phone lockscreen a parakeet with a cowboy hat on me: how many times do i have to tell you. my brain is messed up life comes at you fast 100% serious i just walked in my kitchen and my bird is sitting here like this. anyone wanna buy a bird cause im do ladies, get u a man who is -absorbent -yellow -porous -able to drop on the deck and flop like a fish hillarys post-debate thoughts #debatenight trump: me and putin are not best friends [putin snaps the bff chain off his neck and kicks his desk] TRUMP: give the toddlers more guns motherfucker ive been replying to cole sprouse for months asking him to come to brazil. why do i do this harry potter is on and my dad thinks voldemorts name is baltimore lol my girlfriend never understands my clever jokes :P i get depressed in my Calvins a lot of rappers probably deleting tracks called ken bone on their upcoming albums right now hillary: i respect trumps children [camera pans to eric trump, hes chewing on his own shoe] TRUMP: emails... rhymes with females. coincidence? i think not. women are bad i wrote a fake two and a half men script and im fairly certain its the only good thing ive ever done RT if u remember the song gangnam style!! haha im depressed elderly woman: excuse me young man, could you help- me: listen you old bag im tweeting about anime leave me alone ah, so you think my naruto costume is for halloween. you are wrong, this is my Life cop: we reviewed the security tapes after you reported a break-in and its just 72 hours of u practicing powerful kicks me: haha siick right just heard this song that goes, wake me up insidee haha. so fuckin sick lol i put a snapchat filter on donald trump during the debate... ha ha :P all my friends say i should do stand-up lol hillary: trump hates women trump: hillary created ISIS garfield: can this monday just be OVER ALREADY!!?? the only thing longer than a CVS receipt is my list of insecurities! lmao!! this joke killed it at the Center for Goth Teens last week [immediately as i step off the plane into marthas vineyard] where the FUCK is martha here i made it better can you imagine someone who's like REALLY into sand, and then they hear about deserts for the first time. they'd absolutely lose their shit [trying to impress girl whos tinder profile said she likes hiking] me: my uncle is a mountain damn i need me a girl whos a freak but also chill and tall but kinda short and likes sports but dont really like sports hmu me: i cant wait for fall. i love when the leaves change color extremely woke guy: haha thats cool but i don't see color bitch i heard the iphone 7 comes with a uhh free macklemore album (my assistant tells me macklemore isnt funny anymore) uhh fuck fuck tour guide: its a bear! don't freak out. just pretend you're dead me: [acts exactly the same as usual] tour guide: wow you're good at that 2013 online flirting: cute pic! we should hang lol 2016: i want u to murder me queen last night i was drunk and met 2 girls who worked at disney and i asked them does the mouse actually fuckin live there girl u thicc like the got damn pillsbury doughboy someone asked me to draw hank hill with no neck. so here you go, enjoy damn girl ur bitmoji is so hot lol you cant watch the 1998 disney adventure/comedy A Bugs Life unless you're actually a bug just put on a bugs life soundtrack at the club its goin wild nurse: sir. you've been in a coma since 2006 me: fergaliscious holy crap!! damn young thug is my favorite mortal kombat character haha wow this new twitter function is pretty cool when u find out shes into weird shit sorry i cant make it to your wedding, i have an appointment to get re-circumcised that day. yeah it uh. it grew back king of the hill would be funnier if hank hill was actually just a robot who repeated the same phrases over & over and nobody noticed every time i match with someone on tinder i get nervous and throw my phone thru a window ive never been high on weed, i only smoke pot bitch RT if ironic memes have rendered you unable to express genuine feelings to others but ur ok with it because being extremely online rules lol [while eating one plain slice of bread in my car] squad wife: honey come quick! our baby is about to do his first ironic post online baby: smoke weed bitch ha ha lol :) me: [tears of joy] i wrote an article for about harambe check it out lol cape cod backwards is cod cape which kind of sounds like a foreskin joke. im verified on twitter if i clap hard enough maybe anime will become real [in bed with a girl] me: ok obviously ive done this before but remind me one more time where does the prenbus go relationships in 2016 me: i hate that thing her: i also hate that thing me: lol nice her: choke me me: wow what a great dive! olympics announcer: an excellent dive jared leto: iM tWiSteD bABy!! sick of women judging me, saying im a player, just because i can run like naruto flawlessly [i walk in on my dad making sonic and mario dolls kiss] me: wtf dad: SON! I Uh...! me: dad those two arent even from the same universe lmao i just want a girl who is -nice -funny -short -able to 360 dunk on regulation sized hoops -cute mom please knock before you come in my room i could be watching anime thinking about making a clothing line. what do u think me: bullshit! a guinea pig is just a fat hamster, theyre not two different animals pet store manager: sir, again, please lower your voice im not sweaty because im chubby im sweaty because im goth i wish someone would take my phone from me so i dont drunk tweet like right now wow! i had a profile done about me on Forbes. will someone please give me a social media job now pls lol cant believe this was the first draft of the kermit tea meme BARACK: ill put it on the fridge where eeveryone can see it! JOE: but its a bracelet BARACK: again, thank you joe new teen slang BTB - bring the beef ISAW - im selling a wolf WJ - wheres jeff? DGUTLAMSOP - damn girl u thicc like a mf stack of pancakes imagine falling in love with someone and years later finding out they thought the killing of harambe was justified me on tinder: love to adventure! :) me irl: someone please kill me was about to ask this girl on a date until i saw her click firefox instead of google chrome here i made the best arthur meme roses are red violets are blue there's one less exhibit at the cincinnati zoo i almost died earlier but i got some cool pics took this pic of the forest fires in santa clarita. i couldnt believe my eyes. harambe lives on. mom: he used to be so fun, so full of life... then he started doing weed. me: when your mom says, you wear too much black clothing i hate to get political on first dates but damn girl u thicc like chris christie social media intern for Dennys: what if i tweeted. FLAPJACKS RHYMES WITH \\CLAPBACKS\\ SLAY KIM boss: [foaming at the mouth] TWEET IT NOW kids: dad were hungry me: not NOW, kids!! i have to reply DRAG HErR on all of kim kardashians tweets about taylor swift me: the bees are dying! lol! at an alarming rate! this joke is funny my date: your tinder profile said you were 6\\4 me, to every girl ever: look, i know im not that cool, i dont have a great body, or have the ability to grow facial hair, but uh doctor: congrats! its a boy! wife: would you like to hold him? me: (fingers covered in cheetos dust) ok sure interviewer: do you have good time management skills? me, 6 hrs later: sorry i was laying in bed thinking about a hamster with a goatee just because my STEPDAD TERRY works at hot topic doesnt mean i will!! i have my own dreams. i want to work at spencers gifts i am very drunk. whats up folks , i got paid one million dollars to post this please RT have u ever been nervous to hangout with someone so u just put it off forever until u die lol hey girl what do u say we go back to my place & listen to the shins and cry im good at flirting my biggest turn on is probably when a girl ties my shoe for me because i dont know how actually just got yelled at for trying to catch pokemon at the jet propulsion laboratory my friends: you're a good looking guy, why dont u get out there and date people me: [googling pictures of dogs in sombreros] im sorry what? a great place to sell weed now is outside literally any Pokemon Go gym everyone should watch this what does shrek say when he falls off a boat?? if you think the answer is ive gone ogreboard!! you are sick and twisted & need help i think theres something wrong with my pokemon go app? i need a job in LA very soon. does anyone have one for me. i can write bad jokes and im decent at kissing me: i dont really care about 4th of july much guy in an american flag tank top: what the fUCK!! [foaming at the mouth] WHAT DID U SAY ! hey girl how would you like to come to my place and discuss subsidized loans get u a man who is literally paul blart i heard ur man doesnt even get his daily recommended intake of vitamin c when ur drunk and ur ex texts you hey 10 years ago we had Harambe, paul walker, and cecil the lion. really makes you think. RT my first short film. i worked very hard on this so please smash that retweet button when a person in a leather jacket hugs another person in a leather jacket they turn into a motorcycle [sprinting to catch up with man in a business suit] me: sir! sir! him: yes what is it?! me, out of breath: sir you... you suck ass mate wow just got a great email. i think i finally found a wife! just gonna clear this up. my avi is a gif. has been since 2013. you cant have gif avis anymore. im sorry. no more dms pls. i have a family a millennial named this deep fryer *i see a used condom on the ground* haha wow sick banksy is at it again i hate to get political on here but like honestly smokin weed is frickin sweet as hell ha ha *i flip a waterbottle and it lands perfectly first try, then i turn to the camera* me: im dead on the inside u ever just be like damn... titys are cool as hell any girl that has ever slid into my dms just asks if i have a dog and then asks for pics of it and that is pretty cool im the guy who argues that if we ban guns we should be banning cars too. ive never made a girl cum and i yell at the tv quite frequently heres a bachelorette meme i made rihanna: work work work work work me: no i am tired actually [a giant meteor is headed towards earth] me: what the hell took you so long [my ass medicine falls out of my pocket as i go to hold the door for a cute girl] Me: [bragging] i dont even have to use that anymore i like to draw cartoon characters with one disproportionate body part your name belongs in a lemony snicket book the hillary tweet to trump was made to distract us from the fact that today is 6/9, which is the sex number bury me in a dog park so i can be some dogs treasure sometimes ill brush my teeth in the kitchen and do the dishes in the bathroom sink cause i just dont give a shit about anything anymore [i suddenly realize im on stage at a piano recital] me: wait. but that means... [cut to my 7 year old at a strip club at 2pm on a tuesday] i hate when omw autocorrects to On my way! and when lol corrects to p a i n a n d s u f f e r i n g personal trainer: so what is ur fitness goal me: to not hate myself trainer: lol good luck whenever a cute girl looks at me in the gym i can never tell if its cause she thinks im cute or cause i have 16 legs i drew this and put it on a coffee mug summers finally here! that means... beach trips late nights bonfires killing in the name of slenderman tanning my neck my back my uncle Gerald died from crack [as my casket is being lowered into the ground] ugh the wifi here is gonna SUCK . tweeted this off my phone to see how many likes it would get, and somehow this happened chipotle worker: white or brown rice me: no thanks its 2016 i dont see color penis me: so, what do you do her: im a murderer me: [remembering my one rule that i shouldn't date murderers] ahh dang im sorry we cant do this people who see me killin it at the gym prob think im listening to cool music in my headphones but actually its the audio from the bee movie i hate when girls wear heels to make them look taller, he said, while wearing heelys to make himself look like he has wheels on his feet do u ever stare at your reflection in the water and then realize youre looking in the toilet and your reflection is actually a turd when ppl find out im 21 they think i am so young and i cant do grown up stuff. think again ive been changing my own diaper the past 6 years [at jiffy lube] me: haha... can i buy some lube lol. like for sex worker: thats not funny me: can you help me get my ex wife back [guy stops and stares at me cause im screaming at a pigeon] hey asshole, take a picture it lasts longer. also send me the pic if i look cool me: hell ya u can do it. go hangout and be a normal person today anxiety: what if... what if ur leg falls off tho me: damn. ok ur right best buds cole sprouse finally saw this tweet and liked it please press retweet if you are currently awake. cowboy 1: this town aint big enough for the two of us cowboy 2: whatever. i want to die anyway cowboy 1: whoa r u ok dude thats right son, me and your mother met when we both tweeted, i wanna die lol around the same time on twitter shitty guys in 2010: if she has sex a lot shes a hoe 2016: if she uses the dog snapchat filter shes a hoe 2024: if shes alive shes a hoe i only use gender specific toilet paper because i am Manly As Hell. i love sports and gun's. ive never wiped my ass and my wife left me the granny smith apple was originated in 1868 when a boy named jeff smith roasted his gma by saying grandma you look like a got damn apple folks, i guess its safe to say jay-z finally has 100 problems, haha. when i was young i got hit by a bus 8 yr old: homework is a social construct teacher: ok brayden we get it ur extremely woke but that doesnt mean you dont have to do homework 4/20 is the day where people who are too lazy to make plans with their friends cause they're high, make plans with their friends to get high its pretty crazy how the president is actually decided by which candidate had the least embarrassing memes made about them me, to a group of teens: haha what up dudes, its 4/20, u guys blazing? [i try to do a kickflip and fall on my ass] u guys voting for bernie? why do women only date assholes?! they should date me instead, the nice guy who's angry at all women because of a thing i made up in my head me: ya i wanna request a day off on april 20 boss: nice try. u just want to smoke weed me: actually its hitlers bday. boss: o ok thats chill haha WOOPS! accidentally called the cashier at 7/11 daddy for the 24th time this week lol every text being sent at coachella: where are you were by the main stage someone took ashleigh's flower crown after taking ur first dab when all your ex girlfriends work at office depot me: im thinking about like taping a bunch of animals together. create one super animal. id name it jerry date: [clearly impressed] ...go on 12 yr old: being alive is overrated me: yo this kid is cool as shit haha [twirling my bra above my head like a helicopter and it gets stuck on the ceiling fan, im launched thru window into neighbors yard] me: hey grocery store worker: doing alright? me: not really. i kind of want to die worker: me: did u mean groceries worker: ya me: oh ya im good thx chipotle employee: black or pinto me: i dont care employee: .ok me: i wouldnt care if u stabbed me right here employee: what me: haha what dad: maybe u should go outside once in awhile me: no thx dad i take my life advice from tumblr user trill_pizzailluminati. drop acid bae memes L memes for ncaa game L dont do it man L seriously pls dont L jordancryingface.jpeg other 21 year olds: going on dates, bein cool, having fun me: trying to become friends w/ the birds outside my house by offering them bread here are some motivational quotes on pictures of animals without necks komodo dragon memes are the new thing. use them in your text convos this is an actual turbotax ad in my newsfeed. what the fuck choke me daddy is the new crunch-a-tize me captain if a girl texts you k you better frickin run!! because it means she is literally on fire and is carrying 1000 bugs in her pockets [i make eye contact with a squirrel] me: so are we like... dating now [he scurries away] me: great. this is so typical just missed my exit on the highway cause i was doing air guitar to a pantera song and didnt feel like turning the wheel BREAKING: Area Man Thinks He Has A Real Shot When Commenting babey could please send me the nudes.? On Models Instagram Photo [year 2060] teacher: yes, things were looking grim for old bernie student: so... so how did he win? teacher: you see, there was this bird i have created a new meme. its kermits evil twin, timrek the gorf happy birthday to my dear friend and extremely good/cool man im going to fall asleep on your floor tonight me: i saw on fb you had a baby friend: ya me: how much does he bench friend: what me: [leans in to his ear] how much. does he fuckin bench mom i said take the picture as im exhaling the vape smoke, not inhaling. fuck me:does anyone have some extra change [bernie sanders bursts out of my closet] IM GOING TO CREATE CHANGE me: mom bernies in our closet again my cousin jeff also had a little lamb but he didnt make a fucking song about it. chill out mary smoked weed once now im a horse broccoli is just a tree for ants Overheard at the zoo today: your uncle jim's got a big turtle. I am laughing at this show, because it is good, and i think you should watch it. #SchittsCreek season 2 of #SchittsCreek is on rn and u should watch it because its funny and also good thank u #SchittsCreek premieres in an hour on and u should watch it, thx :) pls make me go viral shirtless uncles gone wild mary had a little lamb whos fleece was white af i finally started doing my research on coin machines. Its really starting to make cents!! ladies leave your phone numbers in my dms me: let me slip into something a bit more comfortable [i slip into a deep depression and stay there forever] ah hell ya lol [i drop my vape in the toilet] toilet: YO CAN U GIVE ME A RIDE TO PAC SUN MUFASA: one day this will all be yours. everything the light touches SIMBA: all i see is anxiety. and sadness MUFASA: yes. yes thats correct whoever made this, thank you just flew in from chicago, and boy are my arms sore! haha!! get it? cause i got beat up on the plane for being goth dont go near me or my son ever again if trump is elected president, im moving to a different country! lol! jk i have like $18 dollars [making out] gf: um im just not feeling it right now me: is it me? gf: no [i pause all-star by smashmouth] me: well what could it be then kanye: positive vibes only. so blessed. good vibes. feeling humble kanye: [makes fun of a music artist on twitter for 3 hours] my mom is funny Tinder profile: haha not looking for anything serious :P unless u want to help me find my grandpas killer teacher: ok students, if shreks waist is 102cm (42 ), how thicc is shrek? Student: he thicc af Teacher: ya he thicc af LEO: thank you. I would- [music starts playing] TEACHER: christopher columbus? he just didnt really give a shit KID: whoa... the teacher swore haha TEACHER: bagel fucker [kid passes out] great, i think the mail-man saw me eating a salad naked in my living room again one time i was trying to fit in at a party and said oprah is literally goals. i got punched in the neck [really cool guy voice] i wanna die dont even talk to me until ive had my morning scream into the mirror u can lead a horse to water, you can also tape two squirrels together and make them ride a skateboard. u can do anything with squirrels! once again ive been pummeled by security and kicked out of a trump rally by shouting succ me off daddy donald into a megaphone ME: so is the vagina like. in a girls butt? where is it? DRIVE-THRU WORKER: honestly idk either dude ME: hey is that a banana in your pocket or- FRIEND: what the fuck. ME: im sorry it- FRIEND: my dad literally just died ME: FRIEND: of banana ME: [whispering to a hamster in a cage] we are gonna get so laid PET STORE OWNER: what ME: uhh nothing. i'll take this one FRIEND: dude are you crying at this Adele song ME: nah I got like, I got like vape smoke in my eye I'm not watching the Grammys but I'm gonna try to tweet about it, because I crave the retweets. I crave the fav my emo girlfriend came over and I forgot to put my lip ring in and she dumped me [i wake up confused] KIDNAPPER: youll never guess where we are! ME: [observing floor tile pattern] this is a Dennys bathroom KIDNAPPER: shit PEYTON: I taste garlic PAPA JOHN: I'm sorry PEYTON: no no. I like it. just started pre-gaming for the Toyota post game show I am neglecting my children to drink beer and watch the men hit eachother on the big screen #SB50 if u look closely every time someone gets tackled you can see them saying harder, daddy this tweet sponsored by Pepsi: Pespi: it's the bae and goals of soda!! I was paid 2 million to tweet this motherfuckers bro I dig that carpe diem t-shirt, you wanna hangout some time yes, i am showing up to your super bowl party with 400 hard boiled eggs, please do not ask how I obtained them whoa check this out haha Debate Debat Deba Deb De D V Va Vap Vaping rules lol when u smoke hella fuckin weed but gotta help coach little timmys soccer game at 5 [doesnt go out on a Friday night one time] I'm so focused. 2016 is my year. grind all day [i look out the window & see a heavily lubricated man slide down the street at 70mph] Me to real estate agent: Ive seen enough. I'll take it [i walk on stage to give a Ted talk] Me: let me get a show of hands, how many of you are depressed? [hands go up] Me: same. ok thanks bye texting my tumblr girlfriend. this has been going on for days hey guys, maybe we should stop making jokes about how the candidates look other guys: handsome, cool, smart, good at talking to girls me: googling to see if dwarf goats can be good house pets people: he likes finger in his what!! his butthole?? what the!! thats messed up! i dont like that cause im normal! me: i just ate a bug [opens up private browser] ohh fuck yeah. It's time I get it. He's ironically racist online to mock racist people. I could see this being problematic tho. My mom: honey who are u talking to [i bust open the door to a big movie exec meeting, breathing heavy] Me: SO ITS SPIDERMAN. BUT HE VAPES- [security tackles me from behind] Can't believe I got arrested for making counterfeit kohls cash do u think at NASA someone has ever said its not rocket science... Oh wait! LOL! Haha and everyone laughed and then put guns to their heads [i hoverboard into chipotle] hey can you help me kill myself Just opened my browser after a long night of drinking and well, I'm seeing there are some people jealous of me online because I'm young and I bench a lot. Don't be fooled I'm really sad on the inside these two tweets literally saved my life [teen girl commenting on a picture of a dead goat] literally me af I love when teen girls quote my tweets and say u get me or this is so accurate. because then I know for sure, I've done a good post HILLARY: how does bernie have more of the younger vote than me? it doesn't make sense. im hip! BERNIE: why do the teens call me daddy GARFIELD: what's up ME: my wife just died GARFIELD: ugh. mondays am I right. Do we have any more of that lasagna from last night ME: dude TWITTER: donald trump is a horrible person FACEBOOK: i like donald trump because im racist TUMBLR: bernie sanders choke me daddy weird having a dentist grandpa b/c his first question is always have you been flossing Eric? lol im jk, it was usually something racist 12 Goat Memes That Accurately Describe How Your Feel About School if i win the powerball im going to spend it all at hot topic BOSS: sir your resume is just a hand drawn picture of a guy doing sick BMX tricks ME: yeah. that's me BOSS: [under his breath] holy shit I'm selling a wolf ? just saw a guy pissing on a prius and thought, ok, i guess that's sort of a toilet Do you ever just wake up with a Coldplay song stuck in your head and think wow today is gonna suck ME ON A PLANE: oh great. i have to sit next to a baby. BABY: great. i have to sit next to the guy who loudly announces everything to himself please read this extremely important article i wrote about parody accounts. thank you . New year, new me! I slowly chant as the ball drops. My extra arms begin to poke through my skin, the transformation has begun friend: what's up dude wanna go to the forest and take dope ass pics of us vaping for facebook me: fucking yea dude lol I drew a really strong baby in case anybody needs one for anything. feel free to use it imagine a carrier pigeon was sent to you, but you didn't know carrier pigeons were a thing yet, and the note just said im horny [baby is born] DOCTOR: it's a boy! BABY: please like and subscribe to my page WOMAN: guys suck GUY: ugh I know right? guys are the worst. except me haha. i am good and nice. can you send me pics of ur feet? wow pitbull made a christmas album, here is the leaked track list There are people out there who have vape pens wrapped and sitting under their Christmas tree right now *sees a cool group of teens hanging out near my car* haha hey gang. Any chance you guys could help me... [lowers glasses] kill myself . I made u this, it includes some of your famous catch phrases ME: what if we can't find kony... because he is inside all of us. we are all kony DATE: you keep saying that but no one even brought him up ME: more like STAR-BORED lol. Am I right? This movie blows man GUY NEXT TO ME, MUFFLED THROUGH DARTH VADER MASK: fuck you asshole [i roll onto my back after sex, letting out a long exhale] ah yes. time to shoot pee out of my dick at weird angles now Woops! Accidentally hit reply all when I only meant to tell one co-worker to kill himself. first date tip: talk about your ex. particularly about her hooves and long mane. this only works if your ex was a horse btw Me: what do u think that constellation looks like? Date: looks like a heart. Or a crown maybe God: lol idiots. it's a dang titty my favorite Instagram comments placed onto the photos that were commented on can you imagine being the cops that have to pull over dj khaled on his jet ski. ugh it's fucking dj khaled again is what they probably say some 7th graders on Xbox heard me vaping through my mic and called me a gay butt the next guy to steal my wallet is gonna be pretty confused when they reach for money but it's all just photos of Hitler best headline I have ever read in my life everybody has that one friend who turns out to be a pile of lizards! got bored and realized trumps head fits nicely on guy fieris body hello 911? a group of teens at hot topic are trying to cast spells on me with each pair of boat shoes you purchase, your ability to make a woman orgasm decreases by 25% Adele: hello Me, surprised a girl actually spoke to me and I can't control my speaking volume: HEY WHAT UP new art for my office! Costco Me: there's just not enough commercials for mayonnaise. Id like to see more mayo. On the TV. Therapist: [looks at watch] [dad morphs into a yeti] Great now I'm a yeti there's a machine at my gym called the hamtractor and a combination of two great words has never made me so horney horny crab dave the blob hah woops!! someone asked me what's up, i tried to say not much and just chillin at the same time, accidentally said hitler was cool !! how i feel before going out on friday night [i see a crime happening, and im trying to remember if crime is good or bad] aghh i knew i shouldn't have skipped school that week documenting my feelings through microsoft paint Me: your honor, permission to approach the bench? Judge: I'll allow it. Me: [under my breath] hell yea. benches fucken rule you know you're becoming an ADULT when you get excited for new sponges!! lol. and you're really sad a lot are you feeling stressed out? take a deep breath. deeper. even deeper. whoops, you inhaled a small child lol. flee the country this is so important that new Adele song came on in the Arbys bathroom and now I'm crying. Haha just kidding. The song never came on What the fuck do you mean you can't valet park my razor scooter just put the finishing touch on my home office when I see a private Twitter account I like to imagine there's a mall security guard protecting their tweets, & he's eating a big sandwich wow ikea needs to chill i like to imagine that jeb bush is really good at eating pussy [hopping on a pogo stick] i wish my dad would come back Me: this is bullshit. conditioner and shampoo in one? impossible Walmart employee who I have in a headlock: sir I didn't make the shampoo interviewer: so uh... what is your- me: my falcons name? it's todd. interviewer: no, that's not what- todd: dude just give him the job Can someone help me find my friend Jeff ?, Had a panic attack watching videos about horses [notices a bee on friends arm] [grabs a newspaper and rolls it up] [lights it like a joint] me: haha. smoke weed bitch Read these!! Hilarious and spooky Halloween tweets!! [looking at a book] what is this piece of crap. how do I work this. there's not even any gifs in here This dumb asshole thinks he can fly. I guess that's why they call him goofy... Because he is a piece of shit I am at Disneyland. I've never seen so many grown men wearing Minions t-shirts. I bet they have sex extremely often I'm at Disneyland. Would anyone like me to live tweet about it [intensely looking through my spreadsheets] ah yes just as I suspected . numbers... and formulas. Has anyone seen my friend Jeff ? [calling friend] dude, you're not gonna believe it. They have it. At Target. Get here now ruins all credibility when a rapper says he's depressed in a song. know who else is depressed? my 14 year old son Greg here's a poem I wrote: everything sucks everything is bad except dogs dogs are pretty rad [smokes weed once] yeah man I've been like thinking about moving to colorado my alarm clock is just aziz ansari screaming unfunny jokes at me i signed a contract years ago that binds me to shout 1 ad for Arbys daily. And that, Bill, is why I yelled IM THINKIN ARBYS when ur gma died Me: what is ur horney level. I'm at like a 8 or 9. I'm horned up Interviewer: what Do you ever get so drunk you just print out motivational words and hang them up on the wall. Apparently I did This is like the 19 year old white guy who hates racism but calls his friends the n-word lol can't believe the iPhone 7 comes with a built in vape smh Can you imagine a goth kid in a bouncy castle. Do you think they would smile It's a bad day to be goth in LA. Not because it's 100 degrees, but because the goth protesters are outside my house again. Leave me alone Tweets of the week! (Ft. and more) Me: whos a good boy!! Dog: who's* weird ass home decor I found at the store today lol Have u ever taken a crap and go to wipe your ass but when u wipe theres nothing there like the whole world disappeared everything is silent Why is a post on Twitter called a tweet but a post on tumblr isn't called a tumble ! And why haven't I ever felt a woman's touch follow on twitter who is gonna be the first person to die riding one of those stupid electric foot scooter things? I hope it's me tweets of the week! view them now! and more I've lived in LA for about 5 hours now and I've already seen someone rolling a blunt in a Prius [job interview] [theres clearly a slice of pizza hanging out of my pocket] Boss: is that- Me: no A guy just asked me how old I was. I said 20 and he said I'll be 40 when the next blood moon happens. I said no thanks I will be dead White people act like they didn't name their baby by just pulling random letters from a hat. Nice try Croyleb I like to stand by big puddles so a car will come and splash me like in the movies lol. Except I jump head first in front of the moving car Hi guys. I am moving to LA area on Thursday. Would anyone there like to be my friend please circle Y/N. Thank you [old lady looking at my dog] Her: so cute! is it a rescue? Me: no it's a dog, idiot. piece of shit Haha sex freaks always be doing this This is my favorite pic on the Internet MOM: you left the door open again!! were you born in a barn!? ME, A BARN OWL: lol MOM: lol This is such a horny fact. Stupid parents... I'm horny bitch im sorry that your girlfriend saw my bazinga tattoo and now we're married i hate videos of babies dancing. fuck you weird baby. u don't know how to dance date: so what do you do? Me: well, I work for a small company, I wear many hats Date: tell me more! Me: I am a hat rack *1980's style montage of me trying to teach a dog to talk* Dad: I'm not like the other dads, son. I'm trill as fuck Me: I think mom is divorcing you Haha, I can't believe the minions actually said this. Like in the movie. So happy there is a dislike button coming to Facebook. Now I can dislike pictures of babies and say idk looks kinda weird to me thinking about becoming vegan this year? think again ! ! Cool podcast is an oxymoron When u just want to stay in and play Pokemon all day cause youre hungover then u start re-evaluating your whole life HGTV: could you live in a TINY HOUSE like THIS?? Me: fuck you Shall I compare thee to a sun and tree emoji? Kid Rocks Greatest Hits album is just the collection of sounds from every time he slams his head on the floor from passing out drunk [in line at grocery store, I pull one cold hot dog out from a package of 6] can I buy just this one Kanye runs for president in 2020 but can't make it to any meetings/debates because he's still on the VMA stage talking Funny tweets of the week! View them!! Thank u!! Planted a vape pen in my back yard a few weeks ago and a small fedora is growing out of it Cute girl at the gym said to me don't u just hate seeing old naked people in the locker room I got nervous and responded eh it's ok Dentist: have you been flossing Mike Jones: yes Me: hello 911? Police: again? Really? Me: I'm sorry Police: caught in the microwave again? Me, with my dick stuck in a toaster: close [airport] Wife: where's our driver? I don't see our name Me: (walking towards guy holding a sign that says PussyDestroyer69 ) oh he's here Funny how he gives credit and uses quotation marks only when his material is about rape Me: carfax, show me cars with no accidents &lt;working... Me: nice nice ok... Now carfax... show me some tittys &lt;working... Me: oh hELL YEAH!! Funniest tweets of the week! Feat and more READ THEM NOW thx ok bye :) Funniest tweets of the week chosen by me!! Ft. and more! [a tumbleweed rolls by on stage] [a closer look reveals its actually bundles of donald trumps hair] Lol hey girl do you believe in love at first sight or should I walk past again and blow another dope ass vape cloud Computer: password not strong enough Me: [types in DwaynetherockJohnson ] Computer: oh hell yea lol now watch me whip, now watch me ruin your grandmas funeral Nothing says I've given up on life more than the sleeveless v-neck I love when brands talk about rappers beef with each other. I'm extremely curious what my favorite brand of vacuums thinks about the rappers Life is a highway and I don't have a car [at the club] Me: what up girl my credit score is above 600 Sure he may call himself Lil Wayne, but he actually has a big heart. It's a rare condition and he's going to die Tweets of the week!! Picked by me!! Feat. and more ;) Wrote a review of Godzilla Scientists confirm condoms are only 99% effective in preventing pregnancy, while puka shell necklaces are 100%. *walks into middle school classroom, sits in chair the cool backwards way* hey kids life is pointless were all gonna die alone Wife: I just found out my husband has an Ashley Madison account Her friend: really. you couldn't tell from the chin strap beard I'd rather have my wife find out that I have an Ashley Madison account than have her know I reply to my own tweets for more favs Bullies: hey let's give that nerd a swirly in the bathroom!! Haha!! Me, the guy who secretly loves turds: oh hell yes Damn. That's awesome. - I have no idea what you just said and I am a lizard disguised as a human The minions have kidnapped my son. Help *bedazzles my life-alert bracelet* [first date] Her: so, if you were stranded on an island, and could only br- Me: Shrek 2 DVD Her: but you don't have a TV- Me: Shrek. 2. DVD. What is this Wish someone would make a song about what country Bruce Springsteen was born in Imagine you're about to have surgery and right before the anesthesia kicks in you notice a University of Phoenix degree on the wall TAG YOUR BEST FRIEND! Funniest tweets of the week!! Featuring and some other cool ppl :) Read these shocking ten facts about gluten before you sink your teeth into a nice loaf [i write down my phone number on a customers receipt and hand it to her] [she 360 slam-dunks it into a trash can] you can literally ride a goat into any Wal-Mart. nobody cares. no one there will even notice Me: I just love when girls are like, Im literally dying. As if we're not all fucking slowly dying. Barista: .ok so did u want coffee Doctor: do you smoke Me: no, but I vape Doctor: somebody call a doctor this guy is sick af lol Me: but you're a doctor [at a store] Worker: whats all this toilet paper for? Me: uh... Not to throw at houses... [3 hrs later im at home eating all the toilet paper] Popular google searches for dads: -my teen son is vaping -should I start vaping? (I'm a dad) -where can I buy comfortable blue jeans Try The New McDonalds Double Bacon Something Whatever I Don't Know Anymore But You're Gonna Eat It Anyways You Fat Piece Of Shit [just about to have sex for the first time and I recall that I missed the one week of sex ed in school] Me: Im sorry what the fuck is that The only thing I hit is the gym. Keep your weed bongers and pipes away from me Me: haha hey dude pass me the bong [i throw it at a wall and it shatters] Me: lmao I'm so high now hell ya Sharon I found the potatoes, they are in my Ass Good things to say during sex -potato -Sharon the potatoes -where are the fucking potatoes -I'm leaving you Sharon [looking at a baby on a leash] Me: ma'am something is wrong with your horse Her: is that a banana in your pocket or- Me: its a banana Her: oh ok Me, worriedly whispering: i don't know where they keep coming from Hey look a fight video. Oh another fight video. And another fight video. Oh this ones about a baby koala- no thats a fight video -Facebook bae: can i see ur phone me: [nervously] uh... yeah one sec. JIM: I've got an idea. Let's call this place Jimadelphia [PHIL is creeping up from behind with a crowbar] [taking health exam] \\What is the male sex organ?\\ Me: wow that's easy [writes down pebus ] Me: haha thank god I studied [at zoo] me: ill give u $5 for the tiny giraffe zookeeper: thats a horse me: $10 for the dumb idiot llama zookeeper: sir thats still a horse Teacher: what do u wanna be when u grow up 4 yr old: when I grow up, I just wanna be a kid again! Teacher: shut up idiot. Thats not possible I'm that one friend in the group who never has any money to go out and I'm always carrying 600 lizards HELLO. If you're gonna be in LA tomorrow checkout #Emerge w/ and pls thx :) Killing it on Tinder over here [dwayne Johnson before he picked his nickname] the shoe? The fork Johnson? the hawk? [writes down FORK, MAYBE ] I'm drunk who wanna kiss A broccoli is a tree for ants Broccoli Just saw a wild dad chewing on a piece of wood in a dumpster behind Home Depot. I threw a rock and he scurried away My pencil thin neck beard lets ladies know that I drive a nice car but I can't please them sexually Kids these days and their iPhones. They will never know what it was like to play with real toys, like rock, tree, and forks [dangling keys in front of a baby] Baby: lol who the fuck drives a pt cruiser [looking at a carrier pigeon, poking at it in weird spots] Me: okay so how do I get to the emoji keyboard [first date] Me: damn girl, your hair is on fleek! You're so bae! That jacket is 100 emoji! Her: are you okay Your girlfriend saw my Kid Rock Cd collection and now she's my girlfriend Interviewer: thanks for coming in. Did you have any other questions? Me: [whispering] how do Eagles have sex Int: wow. great question lol [sees kid crying] Kid: Im lost Me: that's ok. We're all lost. Happiness is an illusion. Life is meaningless. Death is around the corner. Bye Cop: do u know why I pulled u over Me: for speeding Cop: yes. Thats illegal Me: [small town pizza lawyer voice] oh its all perfectly legal Happy Mothers Day! Take your mom out to Denny's to show her you care, but you don't care too much. My doggy got a haircut. She thinks she's a human What do you mean I can't bring my falcon to your grandmas funeral On my tombstone Im gonna have died in a falcon accident cause it will confuse people but badass at the same time Pitbulls alarm clock is ten minutes of insanely loud rap air horns Guys who quote movies all the time- we get it, you've seen a lot of movies and you also enjoy not having sex ever Omg [first date] Her: If you could pick, what kind of animal would you want to be- Me: bird Her: Haha oh so you could fl- Me: I like worms I saw a kid wearing a sweater that said SEX. DRUGS. RAP. Which is a good way to let people know you're white and from the suburbs. same one time I read a motivational quote when I was already really motivated and my body couldn't handle it and I exploded Cool, now I don't have to leave my 7 cats at home alone ever again [me watching pual blart mall cop] man i love pall bart. he so funny. the bralt man. big parl bart. i hope they make a prall brat 3 [dog walks by wearing boxing gloves] me: haha i get it. hes a boxer. dog: im a golden retriever. this is just a hobby you fucking idiot you can find me in the club / bottle full of bugs/ mama i got what you need / if what you need is a lot of bugs the only ads I get on pandora are for excessive body sweat and depression help. how do they know Cool names for weed -bob Marley Brussel sprouts -devils lettuce -daddy's back medicine -foot -the drug that killed my uncle Ron 18 year old girl: hell ya its 420 [turns on wiz khalifa] mom get a pic of me smoking this joint for Instagram. Ill caption it Monday vibes Sure kids, keep smoking weed and see what happens... You'll end up like my uncle Ron. Very rich and handsome Girl at coachella wearing a Nirvana tank top: good vibes only bro Me: hey, shut the fuck up Me: u dont get it Dad: if yung trill vibes told u to jump off a bridge would u do that too? Me: dad, yung trill vibes would never say that You call yourself a pothead? Name two of their albums [first date] her: so, tell me about yourself! me: well, im not good with dates her: but you're doing fine! me: christmas is on september 3rd Kevin Bacon always looks like he's slowly melting Every time Iggy Azalea freestyles, an angel dies Protect my wallet from being stolen, or be able to talk to women... Hmm. That's an easy decision. -guy who invented the wallet chain Love those shirts that just say COLLEGE The only thing more relatable than that would be if it just said SCHOOL Awesome shirt. Great jo I'm 20 and I still watch Disney every night. Ya so what. Fight me *classic 90's sitcom where sister is taking too long in the bathroom* Sister: hold on I'm taking a big shit. *theme music plays* every year, approximately 40,000 dads get lost at home depot trying to find a grill, never returning to their families. [at sex shop] hey uh do u guys have uh. [looks at smeared writing on hand] dodlos [at a party] ME: IS ANYONE HERE A DOCTOR?! [guy raises his hand] ME: haha fuckin nerd my amazon review of Shrek 2 sing us a song, you're the piano man, sing us a song tonight / your body is made entirely of pianos, how in the hell are you alive if i ever kill myself im going to jump off a building and summon jake from state farm right after i jump. youre going down with me you fuck interviewer: can you give me three weaknesses about yourself? me: im bad at counting, and i guess im a bit of a perfectionist. next question Mom: honey could you please take out the trash? Sure mom! [takes iggy azalea out to dinner] ME: did you know. sharks kill 12 people per year, but humans kill 11,417 sharks an hour? MY SHARK FRIEND: please put the gun down dude cool baby names for 2015: -bunder -grolf -bunders brother -stereo -brent -shovel im online doing tweets. im logged in mom im emo not goth now get out of my room, fuck [throws jack skellington keychain at the door behind her] Only god and random people on the internet can judge me I hate when people throw their weights in the gym. At me. Please stop throwing the weights at me I am dying [zayn malik hits a vape pen once] yo this band sucks lol im out [on a date] me: does the sound of opening my velcro wallet turn u on her: theres no money in there me: ... me: ... me: u said u were gonna pay Ross is probably my favorite clothing store that's named after a character on FRIENDS send me your best spring break related tweets for a chance to be RTed (or be featured on a cool website.) Me: sorry I rode a giraffe to your grandmas funeral Friend: what? that's not a giraffe Me: sorry I'm on drugs at your grandmas funeral This captcha code brought to you by AMC! How To Train Your Dragon 3: I Still Can't Seem To Train This Dragon [my cat sadly stares out the window] me: same Drake looks like he would be sad on a rollercoaster. Feels like an emotional rollercoaster to me. is probably what he would say can't wait to go out tonight so i can sit and think about reasons i need to go home Harry Potter And The Enchanted Pen (2016): Harry trades his magic wand for a vape pen and gets laid like crazy I should probably go up to that girl who's way out of my league and offer her advice on her form and technique. -guys at the gym It's like everyone at planet fitness has this aura of impending death surrounding them Here's what my drafts look like after a night of drinking have u ever seen a dog so cute you just wanna smash your head into a wall one time at a party i accidentally said, let's party like it's the early 1800's! and everyone died from tuberculosis. pls FAV this tweet if your hair looks great today or if you want to kiss a hairy dad. ME: thats my boss in the elevator. Please dont freestyle over the elevator music this time josh JOSH: ok. [music starts] YO MY NAME IS JOSH If I could kill one person and get away with it, it would be this guy *takes adderall once* dude have you ever like actually like thought about the government though? [first time meeting gf's parents] mom: you know, we have knives. me: oh no im alright, thanks. [i cut another piece of steak with my sword] Me: AY BIRDS WHAT UP FAM Teacher: no no no! thats not what a bird call is. it's much quieter. Like th- Me: [whispering] ay birds what up fam [in school] me: ugh im never gonna use any of this in real life teacher: but this is gym class me: [rips off legs] im never gonna use these #FF follow my funny and also extremely attractive friend thank you. Users who purchased #Meninist T-Shirt also purchased 600-count Bag Totinos Pizza Rolls, 2-liter Mountain Dew and tube socks. I have a weird feeling those cool guys at the beach aren't real female body inspectors [weird uncle who talks about conspiracies a lot comes over for dinner] UNCLE: so how about this dress huh? Devil on my shoulder: just steal it bro Angel who just started watching Breaking Bad: sorry Im late. Holy cow have you seen Breaking Bad Interested in mail enhancement? Me: u mean male\\ enhancement No. [whispering] what if I told u I could get ur mail like so fast bro roses are red violets are blue birds birds birds they're coming for you thinking about dieting this year? please read my ten facts about fruit before you do! no one in the world wants anything as much as college girls want thats so raven to be on TV again No I didn't wear this three days ago. I actually have like, tons of the same black shirt. -a lie I often tell Movie comes on while im in bed: ugh ive seen this a million times Movie comes on before I have to get ready for work: oh hell yea a classic thanks chris pine, now we need a black guy to cry after a lady gaga performance pretty messed up how none of the shrek movies are nominated this year || | we're | | slowly | dying Your porn name is your first pet dogs name followed by the town of your favorite NBA team. Mine is Grover Cleveland [my chipotle burrito starts falling apart] Me: Haha. Just like my life Me: hey girl. I can execute every mortal kombat characters fatality move flawlessly on sega genesis Her: [extremely excited] what's a sega there's always one asshole who shows up to a party with an acoustic guitar and 400 lizards no Kiss my powerful thighs Wow. This is the most important email I've ever received Doc: are u sexually active? Me: idk? define sexually active Doc: uh... u know... [nervously looks thru notes] like have u touched the bagina Yo sorry I can't hang im at the gym doin squats. I'm squatting down in the corner. im in the corner of the gym squatting down and crying . i came to ur restaurant in search of bees. there are no bees. minimal apples. lots of grown men crying. very misleading name me: [quickly hopping into taxi] FOLLOW THAT CAR! AND STEP ON IT! taxi driver: no yeah my day is going great thanks for asking me: ive discovered the double sided raccoon scientist: thats just two raccoons glued together me:[pointing gun] its a double sided. raccoon. im still writing 2014 on all my papers!! when am i gonna get it right!! haha. also im still really sad on the inside. updated my resume for 2015! if u rt this to help my friend chet ill kiss ur butts thank you I love u Doctor: sir, our test results show that you're addicted to saying no Im not Me: no Im not Doctor: oh ok then. Doctor: wait lol Haha. Yeah, no thanks. -me when imagine dragons comes on the radio me: haha im such a mess. i'm like a bull in a china shop! bull: [in a china shop, stocking shelves] fuck you dude i work here man, judging woman: 120 lbs? let's call you plus sized. man, judging himself: ACTUALLY 3 INCHES IS ABOVE THE NATIONAL AVERAGE SHARON Im Rob Lowe, and I have DIRECTV. And Im Rob Lowe with 16 arms. *sobbing* someone please help why do i have so many arms I wish I was the trophy that all those boys are kissin A sad loss for the Seahawks but I think we all know that the real winners were the half-time show sharks. If she a firework I'm a firework I'm rooting for the team who's collective players own the most shrek DVD's Scientist 1: So its like sharp cheddar but more edgy and like. Badass Scientist 2: should we call it extra sharp? [their brains explode] me: what's a bunnys favorite type of music? its hip-hop hah hipster bunny: fuck you im into underground shit you probably havent heard of the best episode of the magic school bus was when ms frizzle got arrested for shooting heroin in class and talking about a magic bus [at a baseball game] Umpire: BALL! Dog Umpire: WHERE?! I love Dave dittell RT if you were emo in 7th grade My fitness app is very upset with me tonight mom: please take out the garbage james franco and seth rogen: you mean like, on a date [nicki minaj concert] nicki: i bees in the trap, bees bees in the trap bee in the crowd: wow rap music is awesome these days lol [wiz khalifa concert] wiz: black and yellow black and yellow bee in the crowd: oh hell yeah Oh hell yeah!! -me watching sports [after scoring a touchdown] I'd like to thank the big man upstairs. My upstairs neighbor tony. Tony u fat piece of shit lol 2015: With Xfinity, you can record 5 shows at once! 2024: Record 50 shows at once! 2089: BOW DOWN TO FROG LORD Me: I've got bird like reflexes. Don't you mean ca- *i get startled by his talking and I fly away* got banned from kohls for printing counterfeit kohls cash Sorry about frogs Scientist: how can we make condoms better, more enjoyable and efficient? Frog: rib it Scientist: someone get that fucking frog out of here [i kiss a frog and it turns into a prince] me: what happened to the frog. I want to get sexual with the frog Fav if u want to kiss me cool ways to die: - inside a chipotle - trampled by one million puppies ZOMBIE 1: why do we eat brains? ZOMBIE 2: because. It's food for thought! haha ZOMBIE 1: [sigh] frogs are bullshit. theyre just fucked up fish. i dont believe in frogs zookeeper: sir no ones asking you to believe just put the gun down [A turd slips out of my shorts in an elevator] [I point to the only other guy in the elevator] Me: that was you me: you can lead a horse to water, but that doesn't make him a seahorse! haha zookeeper: sir please stop my horse is drowning [rorschach test] that looks like ice. looks like ice again. oh that ones a baby [therapist stares at camera, slowly puts on cool sunglasses] please, help me share the story of steve and ashley. 1 RT = 1 Prayer. could the vegetables youre eating actually be BAD for you? find out here, with my 10 shocking facts about vegetables! [Running for president] Me: Avocados. Are. Good. [Crowd goes wild] Wife: Would you take off that pug sweater? I said to dress formal. [I remove the sweater to reveal a huge pug face tshirt] Me: i am so sorry [In response to every single thing that goes wrong in my life] damn. I knew I should have forwarded that chain mail to 10 close friends [helping friend] its ok. theres more fish in the sea. lots of clouds in the sky. tons of birds. [peering thru window] so many sexy birds Me: yeah I've decided to slow down on the drinking a bit. [I sip from a huge bottle of vodka very slowly] Lmao A worker at Costco just called the self checkout machine a she . Fuck you Me: yeah america sucks. more like NObama am I right? this country is going to shit. anyways can i get uh 800 cheeseburgers, a large coke, [I enter the house, throw my backpack down and storm into my room crying] Mom, to dad: lmao he got owned at school again probably dads don't even understand things these days. I wrote grill beer and home depot on pieces of paper as a present and he's goin nuts im going to be writing up some bro tipz for my new series of tweets, called bro tipz. no girls allowed. stay tuned fellas COP: sir im gonna need you to open the trunk ME: ok... [i open the trunk to reveal a poster that says COPS ARE REALLY COOL] COP: [tearing up] [at the office] *dont let everyone know I'm a bee, don't let everyone know I'm a bee* HAHA DONT U HATE WHEN U CANT FIND THAT GOOD POLLEN THO [At burger king] Would you like a drink or fries? Me: no thanks fine.Have It Your Way Me, to my wife: holy shit he said their slogan every time i see a commercial for the interview i get flashbacks of the olden days, when things were easier. a few days ago if you're happy and you know it, you're probably dead #Tweet4Meat is close to their goal. donate if you can Anyone else let the mirror get really steamy so you don't have to see your disgusting body when exiting the shower HAHAH uhh yea me neither [Walks into adult section at video store, it's just thousands of copies of shrek dvds] Me: oh god oh fuck yes yES You know you've hit rock bottom when your first human interaction of the day is Hi! Welcome to Denny's. [Bird crashes into my office window] Me: oh thats sad I hope its okay Bird: I AM TRYING TO DIE PLEASE HELP THIS IS SO HARD WE DONT HAVE GUNS [me, to a cute girl at the bar] hey. u wanna get outta here? maybe like, off this planet. it sucks here. i want to die me: wow its WAY TOO EARLY to be playing christmas music. like stop jesus: cool ill remember that near your bday u piece of shit felt like i got nothing done today but i just rearranged some icons and emptied my desktop recycling bin and hoo boy i can sleep easy now u think TRAFFIC is annoying? u should meet my ex wife! hahah! seriously. u should meet her and tell her to get back with me. i am so lonely [at chipotle] her: would you like black or pinto beans? me: black. like my soul. her, to co-worker: holy crap this guy is deep [At sports bar with coworkers] haha!! yeah I totally love to *looks down at hand* score six points when I enter the opposing teams endzone My name is Joe Biden, & im here to tell u that READING is a SLAM DUNK [goes up for a dunk off trampoline and his head goes thru the ceiling] things you learn as you grow up: 1. life sucks 2. they were smoking weed in the basement when they sat around the table on that 70's show JOE: hey whats ur favorite rap group BARACK: i dont have time for this JOE: wana kno mine B: no JOE: wu-tang bitch cop: gosh today is such a bad day for me, being a cop... black male: sometimes i get stopped because i walk with my hands in my pockets i know everyones gonna hate me for this but check out my amazon christmas list. also please RT. i need these bad. overheard some guy say finals week sucks. little does he know, everything sucks Want to know who's eyebrows were really on fleek? Hitler [Pitbull crashes through Kanyes bedroom window] wow how the heck did that happen hah well dang now that im here can you feature me on a song I just told my grandma her eyebrows are on point which is kinda funny but she can't hear hey birds, fuck off [The friends intro comes on tv, I fuck up the quadruple clap so bad I get kicked out of the party] siri can you tell me how to be a bad bitch [In the back of the car, imitating GPS voice] IN A HALF MILE, TAKE A SLIGHT RIGHT. ALSO PUT ERICS MIXTAPE BACK ON THAT WAS SO GOOD Happy thanksgiving! I hope you're all enjoying your weird uncles opinions on Ferguson. Scientist: can you tell us your favorite slimey green substance followed by favorite pop singer Baby: goo goo ga ga Scientist: holy shit Really sorry about this next tweet My hair looks so good today I could probably get your aunts phone number Need to start remembering to clear my search history after a long night of drinking What's your opinion on everything that's going on, eric? They ask me, as I continue throwing potatoes at a wall I am flying to Minnesota for some reason. If you live in Minnesota (that sucks) come say hi hat GRANDPA: come on man. give me the HARD stuff. DRUGDEALER: ok man. [he pulls out some assorted hard candies] GRANDPA: oh god yes. YES Home alone? U mean that piece of shit movie about the baby who messes with two respectable adult burglars? No thanks Found this in the laundry room lmao hey idiot kids wearing nascar sunglasses - u look dumb as hell and i'm not jealous and where did u get those Hey. Read this article I made about celebrity Google searches. Also call your mom and tell her you love her [in court] JUDGE: How do you plead? ME: Kim K ass. Big Pharrell hat. The missing plane. JUDGE: [mouth hanging open] holy shit [lowers reading glasses] [i lower them more] [i lower them until they touch the ground and stomp on them] reading is for fuckin nerds This Woman Took A Picture Of Her Face Every Day For A Whole Year. What You See May Shock You. She Looks Similar To The First Day But Older. found this paper i wrote in middle school. rest in peace demented turkey, died of a big heart. and big rocks. JUDGE: Sir, your client is clearly a bunch of lizards in a trenchcoat. ME: No he's not. [A lizard falls out of the coats sleeve] ME: ... [Weatherman looks at map] Map: I have a boyfriend. Facebook: A Great Way To Keep In Touch With People You Don't Want To Keep In Touch With Hello, cheers to everyone who loves dogs. If u don't love dogs fuck you found the editors notes on the kim k picture before it was photoshopped lol [job interview] so you say you used to... freestyle rap? thats correct . got mad respect. intellect [boss, under his breath] holy shit squirrels don't understand time. you can tape a clock to a squirrels back and he will just be like what the fuck are you doing lol [reading job description on craigslist] Do you LOVE interacting with other people?! [closes out of job description] If Tarzan was realistic: Ape 1: hey look. a human baby Ape 2: let's eat him lol Ape 1: fuck yea haha Doctor: Sir, I've got some bad news. It seems you've lost all memory about yourself and cant stop quoting Blink 182. Me: What's my age again i laughed really fucking hard at this. u can read it if you want. [looking at newborn baby] wow what a dumb baby his stats are so low lol. 2/100 strength might wanna hit the gym there pal hahahah i want to see a porn where the pizza guy doesn't mention meat. what about cheese. i've got lots of CHEESE! is maybe what he will say mom im emo not goth, now get out of my room. no no leave the pb&j in here im hungry *holds finger to the wind* wind is blowing north at 10 mph... and... what's this... your wife karen is cheating on you what?! yea sorry dude yogurt is a pretty spot on name for some creamy gooey white shit sorry i cant make it to your party im busy practicing the quadruple clap from the friends intro [Goth cat enters my room] Me: Hey what's up goth cat Goth Cat: Fuck you. [i get abducted by aliens] wow finally lol that place sucked . we have the same birthday. do u wana hangout or sumthin happy birthday to me youd think after the first time someone had a pie stolen from their windowsill theyd be like well, that was a stupid fucking idea. but no [I pull off a sweet dunk and the neighbors baby stops crying] don't get too happy you little shit I'm dunking over you next what do you mean beagle isn't the shortened name for a bald eagle. honey why did you bring home a dog. where the fuck is my bald eagle karen [at NASA headquarters] wow yeah cool rockets dude awesome. [i lean in and whisper] so whats it like to jack off up there, out in space Just got done voting! [talking to cute girl at bar] yeah I take guitar lessons. see that over there? that's a guitar. and so is that one. her: damn you're good Listen to me talk about handjobs, dogs, and old man Bucky Isotope on this weeks also follow them! Please watch episode two of my pal 's Crack Duck . WATCH AND SHARE IT NOW U WONT REGRET IT U2 taught us that if you want teens to hate anything, just give it to them for free made one of those ask.fm things so go ahead and ask me some questions wo any last words, punk? yes. a new born panda weighs as much as a cup of tea what? you're gonna remember this forever now lol owned where do you see yourself in 5 years? doing the same thing im doing now. slowly approaching death. one day at a time interviewer: [crying] Halloween: The only time it's acceptable to be a white guy with dreadlocks happy halloween! check out these funny tweets!! spo0o0oky!! [using ouija board] R2.L2...L1...R2.LEFT.DOWN. what the hell? [everyone is suddenly carrying like 8 different guns] bae: come over me: new phone who dis bae: me deadlifting? at your grandmas funeral? haha no, that was called a powerclean . but yeah probably not the best time to do that im sorry Don't over think things. Under think them. Just stop thinking. Like at all. Just take a nap. It helps these are some weird advertisements... here's an article i wrote for playboy a short time ago read it now Buddy, you just opened up a big can of whoop-ass! [I struggle for a bit, look back at my enemy] Im so sorry but do you have a can opener lol I always know I was extremely drunk the night before when I see Tupacs Dear Mama in my YouTube history bae: can I see your phone? me: uhh... yeah just one sec- Joe Biden is the human equivalent to a pink Motorola Razr cellphone [being attacked by wolf] LIKE A GOOD NEIGHBOR STATEFARM IS THERE!! IN FLORIDA! [in florida] wow can we go back to the wolf id rather die lol guys named chuck are born with a flannel long sleeve on Tweets of the Week!! featuring and more I want to kiss chuuch Pigeon Cop: Do you know why I pulled you over Driver: because Im too co for you? [Driver speeds off] Pigeon Cop: one time in high school i went to the lost and found to look for my calculator and i found kony in there lol Please take a second and vote for my bff 's remix. Check it out it good! DO IT NOW PLEASE ILL KISS U Just typed pimpsquad and it autocorrected to lampshade. don't worry about why I was typing pimpsquad. On this day in 1492, Christopher Columbus found Ms. New Booty 2014: The Year Everyone Started Hating Columbus Day please follow cool person thanks! beep bee boop Hell has TV's but the only thing that plays is Education Connection commercials 24/7. Judge: Show us on this doll where the man hurt you. Me: He didn't. But watch this. [I make the doll do a backflip] Judge: Holy shit lol I think I have mono. - a tired girl Let's eat some other food while we wait for our food to cook. -America I want to live in California will someone let me sleep on their couch forever We're just like two peas in a pod! Unaware of each other's existence because we are just vegetables. Coming This Fall: Ebo-Love John was just a regular hospital worker...until he met Carol. A love story, about Ebola. Ayy girl what's up do u ever think about death like all the time ahaha yeah me neither lol *puts on a colorful bandana and plays trippy music* sorry cant hang today my dudes. i gotta open my third eye I leave inspirational quotes from birds on the fridge for my roommates. They like me. RT if you love eating food or are a member of ISIS. Tweets of the week. ;) *dog opens up a bakery* we're calling it the barkery hahaha. sales have plummeted on account of Im a dog and I can't run a business White kids with bucket hats. why u do that *licks finger, holds it up in the air* ah yes, just as i suspected. wind. Me: Goodnight moon! Moon: I think I have ebola. Scary Halloween costume idea: NFL Player Relationship Goals: *a couple is playing catch in the yard using a baby as a football* Deep late night convos with Ignore me like a Facebook event invitation Best tweets of the week. Check them out yo I hate when autocorrect changes HAHAHA to HAHAHA. wait son of a bitch I found Drakes private journal lol a truck full of pumpkins smashes into a truck full of spice on the highway. the drivers die. nothing unexpected happens. everyone is sad Gary Buseys search history -why is trees -my teeth are yelling at me -Air bud movie facts -microwave is alive -foot fell off [moth on his deathbed] I. I see the light. don't go towards the light! you'll die! lol fuck that lights rule [first date] yea i have a pet raccoon. hes waiting in the car. where are you going a lazy river is just a regular river who's addicted to heroin Would u all like to see some pics I made of cute dogs giving life advice? Or no [Posts two full paragraphs for a caption on Instagram] why don't people like me I love fred delicious Pineapple hey girl what do you say we go back to your place, you slip into something more comfortable and we talk about how we're all slowly dying lol tweets of the week featuring the crowd favorite mike bianchi on there too but he bad When two guys wearing camouflage hug they just disappear This thrift store has a water fountain. Incase you get tired and thirsty from being at the thrift store for so long Doing some thrift store shopping today. Hoping to find an old pair of scissors or perhaps a hair tie for my girlfriend. guys don't download ios8. it deleted like half of my pics and turned my father into a squid all those trill savage twitter kids right now are like damn i have to delete all these nudes to download ios8... mom, pizza rolls! now!! Officer Johnson, hand in your badge. [He hands it over] haha idiot. Now pokemon over level 40 won't obey you. Oh, you meant actual hell. I thought when you said Im going to hell you were talking about Applebees Related searches are great Hey. Here's some free oxygen. No prob! All I ask is that you don't let your dogs piss on m- Oh there he goes. He's pissing on me. -trees Jerome what the fuck is this. You said your new mixtape was fire. This is just a U2 album You had me at hello, And then lost me at wallet chain. *krch* we have an officer down, I repeat, we have an officer gettin down at the company picnic [cop starts breakdancing] I wonder if Sallys parents were like Yeah great idea Sally. Sell seashells. On the seashore. Where there are tons of free shells. Idiot. Good cop: we just want to help you out. Tell us what you know. Duck cop: quack Dude, Where's My Car? Here, you can just have mine. #MakeAMovieCanadian [Commercial for doors] [Guy runs into wall, falls, gets back up, does it six more times] Theres got to be a better way... Narrator: Doors hey guys. for anyone that was too busy to watch sports today, I've made a recap of everything that happened [goes on sharktank] wanna buy my mixtape Best Tweets of the Week 9/5/14 (my best friend chet is on it) check it out fuckers two in the pink one in the personality *dog backflips onto a moving car* you're adopted *licks finger and holds it up to the wind* ah yes... sports. Its on its way. And fast. Please follow my best friend Thanks! oh my god becky look at her credit score weird how white girls with big asses became like a trend in 2014 Best Tweets of The Week (8/29/14) check em out yo! This is what meth does, kids - RT If A Cup Cake Falls From A Tree How Far Away Will It Be From Down. #Jupiter Nothing will ever be as cool as it was to wear Hollister in seventh grade if school taught me to say no to fast food instead of drugs i'd be high as shit but not really fat which sounds cool In the ice universe they dump humans on their head. it's fucked up I came up with 12 alternatives to the ice bucket challenge so you can post more dumb shit on Facebook: ) Sorry I can't make it to your party I literally hate everything ever There are so many local singles that want to meet me I don't know what to do best tweets of the week picked out by yours truly! (me lol) Check them out is it me or do old people always end their texts with extra periods? good seeing u today. missed u. sorry i dunked on your 8 year old son when he said digi-mon was cooler than pokemon cool date idea: get drunk, listen to taking back sunday and cry ive never truly hated anyone in my life more than i hate every teen in that epiduo commercial all i wanna do is *bang bang bang bang* and *cash register noise* yes thats right i want to invest in a shooting range the friendzone is VERY real! says CoDgamer69. girls are bad, all the nice guys never get a chance he says, as he polishes a 3rd mtn dew hey girl, if I could rearrange the alphabet, I wouldn't. change the whole fucking alphabet just for this pick up line? no way lol welp someone in new mexico has ebola guess I'll sit inside and get really good at video games for the next year [at a party] sorry my hair is wet, i was just doing the ice buckET CHALLENGE [grabs megaphone] ICE BUCKET CHALLENGE. IM SUCH A GOOD PERSON DUCK DETECTIVE PART 1 duck detective: so you say he was killed in a bakery? man: yes dd: nice. *duck detective starts salivating* hey son! I couldn't afford the Legos you wanted, so I got you some DUPLO BLOCKS! [2 year old son takes drag of cig, exhales] fuck you dad hello everyone this is your flight captain speaking. Please watch the safety video on screen. [its a vid of me doing karate] yeah we're safe i put my dick in the ice bucket. that's the challenge right? Sometimes when my hair looks great I feel like I can do anything. Beat up a bear... Kiss a shark. Anything This Just In: The newest attraction that is sweeping the nation: a giant broom iggy azalea makes music for girls who are doing community service for stealing earrings from claires RIP Robin Williams i practice using my nunchucks in the front yard so ladies who walk past know that im a bad boy and also dont have good hobbies there's a special place in hell for the people who just bite into their string cheese whole instead of peeling it apart im so tired of all the fuckboys these days - something a 10 year old has probably said sorry i tried to sell my mixtape at your wedding The kids who drive around in cars that look like undercover police cars are the same ones who couldn't get laid in high school People who enjoy running- do you also enjoy getting stung by bees or something that everyone else in the world hates Sorry I'm late, someone on the radio told me to imagine dragons and, well, I sat in my car for about 45 minutes. It was wild in crab world they have a Crabs Joe Shack where they eat dudes name joe who drive pick up trucks and have long hair [I roll up to your wedding on a razor scooter] sorry I'm late, some ASSHOLE forgot to provide parking for scooters [Designing a gym] Wow this gym is huge. Let's put both water fountains in a far corner. Haha that corner is gonna smell like sweaty farts #RIPHulkHogan You were sort of like a brother to me, brother. #RIPHulkHogan. You lifted weights, but you also lifted my heart. moths: hey dude. just wanna hangout by the lightbulb. shit's dope lol. i wont bite u haha thx humans: GET THE FUCK OUT Kia: Not Your First Or Second Choice of Car, But It Was Affordable. MESSAGE 2 ALL U ONLINE HATERS OUT THERE... BEIN RUDE TO ME ALL THE TIME. WELL GUESS WHAT. im sorry and i can change i swear i understand stones breaking your bones but i just don't see sticks doing much damage unless you're a tiny baby. sorry Sometimes it's hard being a gangster. [A dog is leaving a note on my car] Whats going on? You're getting a \\barking\\ ticket Hahah oh wow thats clever This isnt a fucking joke my uncle died from pot last week. he wasn't smoking it though, it was a car crash. the weed was driving show me a map of the middle east so i know israel sir, your resume just says that you were banned from club penguin in 2003 and well we would just like to know when you can start Hey man. Isn't that your new chick? Nope. She's my got tired of people interrupting me during my workouts to talk so now I just wear an ed hardy t-shirt to the gym. nobody talks to me now HELLO? 911? IM FEELING LIKE A ROOM WITHOUT A ROOF AGAIN AND I CANT REMEMBER WHAT IM SUPPOSED TO DO are your parents bugging you to get a job but you don't want one? just write your resume in comic sans okay! here are the endless breadsticks you ordered [duck looks up] im sorry but would u mind ripping them up and throwing them at my feet Rollerblading: It's Kind Of A Sport! thanks for reminding me to knock on wood. i feel better now. I'm not going to die cause I touched the wood. fuck off Please don't favorite my tweets while I am doing extreme cardio. It messes up my music when I get notifications. Thnaks! LMAo JUST TOOK THIS DUDES CHICK SMH THEY AINT LOYAL. TOLD YALL IM SAVAGE [meeting someone in real life who has savage in their twitter name] omg. ur so savage!! please dont steal my girl. please. dont dm her pls *duck walks into a bread factory* alright everybody put your FUCKING hands up Does anyone else drive to a different town to buy coffee / go shopping just so you don't have to run into anyone you know *hits a bong* dude have you guys heard of the beatles tie-dye is the last thing i wanted to see becoming popular again one of the biggest mysteries in life for me as a kid was figuring out how to remove and replace a toilet paper roll if you smoke while pregnant your baby comes out wearing a sex pistols t-shirt and an eyebrow piercing imagine a cat named derrick cant believe i bet $300 on this game. could the stakes be any higher? *my friend passes a joint to a cow* oh i see what you did there the middle aged slightly over weight dad 11's [the tv camera focuses in on me in the crowd during a live soccer game, holding a sign that says GoO. SPORTS! ] what to do when a random couple asks you to take their picture: 1. grab the phone 2. say ready? 3. throw the phone in the nearest lake this game is all over the place. I guess you could say it's very. Messi! Hahahh my favorite eight words: the all new kidz bop album is here *flicks cigarette, takes a drag and stares off in the distance* if i say something right now it will seem very important Hahahah just realized that any kid with a smart phone will never know the feeling of printing out grand theft auto cheats those pants look great on u, but they'd look better on the floor [I kneel down and start kissing the floor] sharon please leave the room now brazil? more like... bad i wanna know who first said dumber than a bag of rocks. who out there is testing various rocks IQ's and wtf did they ever do to you People who go to the self-checkout with a full cart of groceries can just fuck right off big time [at a funeral, approaching a crying kid] hey u wanna buy my mixtape? i dont know how old my dog is and ive never asked my mom cause im scared shes old. im hoping she will live forever if i never ask heres a tip: its spelled losing not loosing *still doesn't care about soccer* Fav if your hair looks great tonight Yo. Wanna do graffiti? Sure man [My friend makes a cool gang symbol on a wall] Cool. Let me try [Mine reads KELLY WHY DID U LEAVE ME] *walks into sperm bank* hi id like to withdraw some sperm sir that's not how this place works hmm. okay. the name is very misleading Damn this shit goes so hard. diss track (Album in stores) I've got 20 minutes to spare 50 favs I'll write a diss track about a popular twitter user every time a juggalo puts on face paint, an angel dies Just wrote this up real quick Yo it's lil Wayne / I don't like to hate / but when u don't recycle / it makes me irate / throw away ur trash, weezy 30 favs And I'll drop the hottest environmentally friendly rap lyrics you've ever seen. #worldstar #rappers #recycle *drives a car* mom wants me to just stop being emo... u don't understand mom... I can't just turn off who I am. [cute girl walks by] I LOVE SPORT FOOTBAL *grabs a packet of uncured bacon, holding back sobs* please don't give up hope. we will find a cure for you *listens to wiz khalifa once* still waiting for a rapper to emerge who calls himself yung old man I like to imagine all the people with trap or based in their display name are 15 years old and can't tell their parents they're on twitter flames on the side of your car screams i want small children to think im badass but i want parents to know im not financially stable I can't catch a baseball but if you drop a chicken nugget by accident I will catch that shit before it hits the floor every time I was scared of pot as a kid b/c some guy told me when u smoke it the ground turns to lava. years later I realize that guy was just a douche I hope everyone in the world is having as good of a hair day as I am. There's no feeling quite like it. #Blessed Life Hack: almost out of shampoo? fill the shampoo bottle with water, bees, and spiders. the next person in the shower will have a blast! this mcdonalds commercial is so unrealistic. no way would a mom just stand there while her 7 yr old daughter talks to a clown on the street hacked into pitbull's email address and found this email!! cant wait to hear this song when ur tryna watch suite life or like good luck charlie but there's a disney channel original movie on &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; new instagram notification - Girl Who Actually Secretly Hates You Commented omg literally why are u so perfect On Your Photo! but what happens if you deepfry the deepfrier went on a Disney website last night and didn't even ask my parents for permission idgaf haha this is for all my dead homies *pours out beer* and this is just for the ducks *tosses some bread* remember when it was cool to listen to sean paul Do u want to kiss my powerful thighs bae: Have u seen the old guy flicking me off under his balls Me: I think it's in the car Me: bae? Did u find it? Bae: I want to kiss u all had to dump my girlfriend cause she lost my obey hat plot twist: the booty does need explaining #babyquotes bro mac miller is so trippy bro i hate when the little bit of like juice comes out before the ketchup and then your leg falls off this is why i dont go on facebook *lights cigarette backwards* weed is so cool I love wiz khalifa theres always one friend in the group who is more likely than the others to have bits of food or toothpaste on the corners of their mouth dont want people to talk to you during school? just wear a nickelback t-shirt me: bae have u seen my hat? bae: I saw it in your car me: Ok bae: did u find it? me: there are two types of people. those who will wear the old navy shirts that say old navy on the front and those who only buy plain ones bae: come over me: can't. got no car bae: but I just bought a new shovel me: I've reached 50k followers. Thanks everyone. A special thanks to the people from way back. Also puppies, because they make me happy. Thanks! [over intercom] owner of a white pt cruiser with a Bazinga sticker on the window? your lights are on. also what's it like being a virgin i bet if u actually looked like crap or totally looked like a boy you wouldn't post that selfie for all of your followers to see js when bae only takes like 2 seconds to respond to ur text then u find out she's a lizard in a human costume &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; got dat shovel girl follow OMG! girl gets hit in the head with shovel!! so frickin hilarious! so much win!! oh she might be dead? oh i guess i feel bad now... why are girls so fake these days. why cant u just be real with me? u cant keep it 100? - some fucking 6th grader somewhere when someone says my mind is racing , a funny thing to say is does he drive a honda? hahah. ive never felt a womans touch #FlyingBabyQuotes people who kill bugs with their hands - did you know you could also use a shoe or anything else within your reach you weirdo took some acid cause a colorful twitter account said its cool. there is no pizza or booty or netflix. no good vibes. i think im dying another rob ford crack smoking video has surfaced. i dont do it a lot, he says. you can tell because im still fat. wtf do you mean you cant valet park my scooter hickory dickory dock / the mouse did a hit of pot / now he is dead. pretty messed up how any 6 yr old can use a tablet better than anyone over the age of 35 mom. yea get in here. ok heres my phone, take the picture right as i exhale the weed smoke. this is gonna be so rad lol during one of my many super mario speed runs, i got to the castle too quickly and caught bowser off guard. he was jacking off #FlyingBabyQuotes are you crushed by the weight of paying back loans? got bad credit? no credit at all? do u have a baby that can fly? we wanna see that baby! im having a perfect hair day. i hope you are too. can i get 30 cocktail umbrellas? sure. havin a party eh? haha... yeah...party... *montage of 30 mice flying around my livingroom w/ parasols* *buys some socks with pot leaves on them* hmm. i should probably be popular on the internet cause of this... today is my three year anniversary with my wonderful girlfriend. please send gifts / food. thank you :) remember when your biggest problem in life was wondering how you could make your text smaller on myspace to seem more emo ok heres a better pic friendly reminder: i love dogs nothing says im confused about current fashion and my life is falling apart more than a sleeveless v-neck had to dump my girlfriend because she gave my pikachu a thunderstone i wanna be a psychologist so i can rorschach test people but every other pic is of me kissin hot babes so they get really confused/jealous [waking up in a hospital] sir, you've been in a coma for 8 months.i.i cant. i cant remember what the booty had me like DROP AND GIVE ME ZEN! -Confucius as a personal trainer haha slapping girls is so funny. i slapped a girl and got it on vine. i did it for the vine. im respected in my community. for the vine. my friend had a baby and as soon as they said his name will be chad he became tan and he sprinted to the beach with a six pack of beer got to meet last night & she is amazing and hilarious please follow her okay!! thx!! #FF the year is 2025. food quality is no longer based on taste, but rather how good it looks on instagram have you ever been so high that you look at your dog and you feel like hes disappointed in you for getting so high i still remember the first time i almost did sex. i stumbled while taking off my shorts and fell through the window. i landed on a cat you're not a real gangster unless you are on the verge of tears every time tupacs dear mama comes on i made this pic of my friend and he doesnt want it on the internet so lets try and make it really popular 50 years from now some kid is going to tell you that vampire weekend is classic rock list of other people colbert should replace -jim in accounting (fuck u jim) -metallica -the dallas cowboys -chad kroeger Rocky Balboa Road #RejectedIceCream another great post worth zooming in to read there are babies named ken imagine every bird in the world replaced by flying hamsters. lil hamsters with bird wings listen pal i get my workout advice from heavily filtered pictures of health tips posted from a fitness twitter account, ik what im doing bro drowning in pussy u say? hah yeah me too man im always drowning in pussy... [in my head] how the fuck did he fill up a whole pool with cats yea thanks for pulling the tablecloth off the table with the dinnerware on it. cool trick. really didn't wanna get this table dirty but okay id like to know why the first guy who said i gotta piss like a race horse was studying a horses urination habits so closely the only thing harder than finding the clitoris is finding a youtube comment with proper grammar i like how at this walmart they put baby food products in the checkout lane. like oops thats right i have a baby to feed ladies say I'm a hamster in the sheets because I squeal when I'm uncomfortable and I leave small pellets in the bed one time i dunked so hard that i woke up the neighbors baby. i live on a farm and my nearest neighbors are 40 miles away the credible hulk and the sane clown posse walk into a bar. they have a generally good time and nothing wild happens Grandma Got Run Over By A Reindeer - the one song where you can be happy listening to a song about a grandma who got murdered by an animal just now realizing the day my parents split up was the same day i announced that i wanted to ride a unicycle as a hobby playing board games with grandpa. sick bastard ever wonder why the NWA had so much Attitude ? (Answer: They were frequent #weed users.) that earthquake in LA was actually a huge crowd of white girls rushing into a wal-mart to buy a green t-shirt last minute Your Password Strength: Weak [password rips off his tapout shirt] FUCK U MEAN IM WEAK wow. some people just dont know how to eat oreos. saw a dude pull it apart, lick the creme center, and then sacrifice his son to satan?? i wonder if raven ever had a vision of her career plummeting so hard that weird face raven makes when shes having a vision except its me and i have to take a huge crap pretty messed up how raven symone had a vision about 9/11 and just decided not to tell anyone it's 2014. get rid of your hotmail account. Nebraska 2: Grandpa Wants His Free iPad we have nothing to fear, but fear itself! [a bunny blurts out] ALSO WOLVES AND SIMILAR PREDATORS!! alright who the fuck let him in here X gon give it to ya! then X gonna take it back because X dont have much now that hes not relevant joseph gordon levitt was late to the oscars because he was watching porn weird. i was playing call of duty on xbox live and found out a seventh grader from india had sex with my mom last night?? yep. youre right ladies, these premium denim jorts weren't cheap. sometimes you have to pay a little extra to look this good going to call my son porkdart until he is seven years old. then, and only then, will i call him by his real name, Gurt FINISH HIM! -Mortal Kombat Porn COME ON DOWN TO THE WAREHOUSE WAREHOUSE WE SELL WAREHOUSES IN A WAREHOUSE yeah, pulp is good, if you're a fucking maniac breakdancing oh sure yeah i'd love to read your tumblr post about your diet but first, why dont we try doing anything other than that my girlfriend retweeted a steve stifler parody account happy valentines day listen ladies, *inhales, flicks cigarette, long exhale* there's enough room in this racecar bed for the three of us sorry if you can't read this, but it's worth zooming in all im saying is if captain crunch ever had to be the captain of a real ship he would have no idea what the fuck hes doing yes ladies i have a black belt. its a black leather belt from Marshalls. [i flinch as a bird flys by] you girls wanna get some lunch? so weird how everytime im practicing with my nunchucks at the park i get every girls number help well son, life is a garden. what im trying to say is your dog scruffy lost his garden today drunkenly told a cab driver that when cats meow its actually them just trying to imitate the sound of a car driving past really quickly imagine t-pain slips on a patch of ice and lands on his back, he tries to scream in pain but its all auto-tuned and people are singing along weird how music groups all have followings with names now. beliebers directioners . know who else had a big following with a name? hitler hey, welcome to psychic club. we've been expecting you my facebook profile picture has a lot of cleavage in it because my eyes looked really good that day hey, group of girls flicking off the camera in a picture- whats wrong? who are you mad at? knuckle tats: FIND KONY when you stop caring about stats, highlight reels, and flashy moves, THAT is when you become the best at Flappy Bird. -Michael Jordan that Mr. Lonely song by Akon starts playing every time i eat from a jar of peanut butter with a spoon this looks more like a review of heroin than flappy bird wtf i bet the first guy to say smooth as a babies bottom wasnt the most respected man in the community studies show that each year, six times the amount of people die from nickelback compared to shark attacks hey bro... saw that ur facebook relationship status is \\its complicated\\. u ok? yea... its... well... i just found out my wife is a frog. still waiting for a Discovery Channel How It's Made episode on babies. otherwise i fear i'll never figure it out imagine how many guys named Chad are going to be walking around Coachella with no shirt, a Camelbak, Ray Bans and tan sandals. Tupac is alive! #NeverStopRetweeting i imagine pitbull doesnt actually get invited to feature on songs he just breaks into recording studios and begs people lorde singing live looks like shes a cat trying to grab a piece of yarn are you really asking does anyone here have a smart phone no no i've got a flip phone cause im a fucking caveman you're an absolute lunatic if you think im going to click on an instagram link in a twitter post. i had a soul patch once but had to shave it after i almost drowned in pussy at my local wal-mart. Can i help you? No, no, guy in his mid-thirties wearing a backpack. You can't. But i CAN help you. im wearing my favorite dress to the gym. you can #look but you cant #touch. nothing screams dedicated like going to the gym on a saturday night. or lonely . yeah i guess lonely works too the second you turn 45 a signal goes off in your brain and you're just like damn. i want to build a deck. honey lets get a new grill for every awkward silence, a grown man buys a Michael Kors v-neck from Marshalls. i feel like sometimes you can tell by the shape of someones head whether theyre good at 3-point shots or not hunter moore and justin bieber arrested. what a great day for america. if you hold a seashell close enough to your ear, you can almost hear another girl posting a picture of a salad to instagram well, it's nice to see justin biebers mugshot all over my timeline instead of valentines day card parody accounts. i bite into my 316th apple of the day as a doctor slowly fades away, slipping further into oblivion i hate when autocorrect changes haha to hahahahahaha i love fart penis asshole . those things arent even true thank you for coming to the first meeting of people who cant stop doing borat impressions club. you all look a very nice. fucking damnit smoke weed everyday -hitler yea maybe u should quit with the marijuana assholes gangsters tying their shoes before leaving the house bruce jenner looks like he got shoved into a clothes dryer and stayed in a bit too long [12 doctors in a meeting] alright. which one of you motherfuckers leaked the 1 weird tip to lose weight that doctors wont tell you. motherfu wtf . are you in the market for a new sled march 14, 2008. uncle gerald drove me to the hospital, but he was also high on marijuana, and crashed into a parked car and died. i walked march 13, 2008. the day i turned 13. i remember my first hit of pot, and what it felt like when my arms fell off from being High. was about to ask this girl on a date until i saw her click firefox instead of chrome in tonights episode of king of the hill: bobby tries out for the girls volleybal team; hank explodes, luanne tries her first hit of meth this can be YOU, after using my 12 week program. #Motivation my uncle Gerald died from pot overdose i held the door open for some guy and instead of you're welcome i said thank you incase you're wondering how my day's going its not easy becoming a rapper on the mean streets of Idaho why does febreeze only kill 99.9% of airborne bacteria. i imagine the other .1% are floating around my head telling me to fuck off and die #ThreeWordSexPositions backwards dog fist #ThreeWordSexPositions eight legged cher #ThreeWordSexPositions iranian tax payer i cant believe ashton kutcher made the apple computer and iphones. thank you ashton no t-rex has ever touched its own dick i am selling livestock. do you need livestock? nothing feels better than having a great hair day and wearing my favorite short shorts a lot of rockstars and famous people vape now a days mom. its not a hobby its a lifestyle so back off. fuck if your name is ralph you face the possibility that you may be in the friendzone forever this is a weird ad...? when i die bury me inside the friend zone officer got my buddy in jail for drinkin and drivin last week. stupid cops. fuckin dumb pigs -teens [first day in lab] so dave, what experience do you have? well...ive seen some pretty fucking epic science memes on facebook, so theres that the kid in that taco bell stuffed nacho commercial was jacking off. his dad came home and he was jacking off so he ran away lmfao i am selling a wolf lets name him jeff. but spell it like geoff. haha -some idiot dad have you or a loved one suffered an illness from products like Yaz, Yazmin, or Ocela? [narrator starts crying] me too dude and idk wtf to do people who say guess what and make you actually guess make me want to die imagine a bunch of gangsters that only eat organic foods and cage free eggs look at me now look at me now look at me now im gettin paper -me shopping at officemax mom theres no such thing as too goth . now cut the crust off and leave the sandwich in my room. fuck im so scared to leave my feet sticking out of the end of the blanket. they cant be exposed. monsters may try and paint my toenails a guy in chicago escaped from a minimum security prison and its so cold out he went back and turned himself in haha if a guy is robbing your store and he is still using one of those portable cd players, maybe be the bigger man and just let him rob you. its so cold outside the meth addicts are actually taking their sudafed because they have colds its so cold outside i saw some gangsters wearing scarves not really sure what to say about this. i heard a 12 year old girl say to another 12 year old girl why dont u stop bein such a lil girl about it!! and she became a 49 yr old mom hey guys. thanks for coming to bi-polar club. fuck off go home new study shows that once popular musician Zz Top is actually a sleeping hat hey lets call our company osh kosh b\\gosh lmao -some fuckin idiot i farted and my premium denim ripped open sometimes kids smoke pot... sometimes they also die. motherfuckers quit with the weed i like to text here when im still like a half mile away because people suck cool stuff i made a haunted house but its just a long hallway and then a small room where kanye sits. you have to ask him why he thinks hes a genius sorry i yelled WORLDSTAR at your grandmas funeral in the cha cha slide he goes NOW its time to get funky! halfway through the song like i wasn't getting funky already? chuck-e-cheese: where a kid can be a kid! thats the only place. everywhere else your child will morph into a fucked up old dad warehouse full of 1000 dads. each one saying a dad thing like looks like rains comin before exploding wow im so out of shape *morphs into a triangle* ah much better breaking: for 2014, the word adorable, previously shortened to adorbs , is now shortened to dorbs . example: linda, that top? so dorbs! oh you'll see.YOU'll ALL SEE!! MUAHAHA -overly excited eye doctor what is soulja boy gonna tell me. i still dont get it i advise everyone in new york to please not go on wall street. apparently there are wolves there. find me a girl named tori who has not gone through an emo phase i dont care if you're busy pal. if youre walkin your dog and cross paths with me, im gonna pet that dog and kiss him whos your daddy!! whos your daddy! me talking to a lost baby i farted and ripped my jorts open seemed cooler when i thought it was called doomsday peppers awesome comic by with my dumb kohls cash ideas #KohlsCash ill just take one hit of pot. whats the worst that could happen? said max, age 14, before his legs exploded listen motherfuckers if you smoke pot its an early grave. say no to the devils lettuce dang girl i can tell youre a wild one with that No Regrets tattoo one time i smoked so much pot that i was high how many girls has mr steal your girl stolen. is someone going to arrest this guy. he is stealing women i wonder if maury ever watches his show and just cries never in a million years would i name something carl smoken pot is fuckin sweet said josh, age 16 before he died from being high. side effects of smoking pot? you might get high buddy heard a 4 year old girl tonight say omg! i pinned this on pinterest mom! and you got me it!! about her christmas present. holy crap cashier at mcdonalds has a seize the night tattoo... its 9pm. is this how you seize the night pal? banana republic sounded cooler before i knew it was a clothing store hour one of holiday shopping complete. no gifts bought yet. i am sweaty and uncomfortable. im hungry and want to go home literally cant stand seeing people i know at the mall. i will avoid contact with you at all costs hey dudes... it seems like. it seems like they made like a town named after us. haha -linkin park looking at a map of chicago all my homies only eat cage free eggs you mean the story about the elderly lady who had some sort of fur coming out of her lower back? oh thats nothing but an old wives tail a great feeling is when you cant tell if people are starring at you because youre in victorias secret or because youre sweating so much IMMORTAL KOMBAT ROUND 749 FIGHT!! damn girl i heard that Jamster ringtone what up *gets on moms laptop, closes 46 tabs* is it possible to have an air guitar in space people often ask why i started MMA For Babies but they understand when they see my 2 year old execute a flawless spin kick whenever my neighbors baby is in her backyard i start doing push-ups on the pavement so she knows not to fuck with me what does the fox say? he says satan is real if youre asking me to choose between being with you or doing my borat impression, then i guess youre not going to be. my wife i guess i should clear my history my little pup :) heard a 9 year old say turn down for what! followed by whats a VHS if you swallow a whole corn cob do you just poop it out still in corn cob form? asking for a friend you got lucky. i was about to pull you over and eat your truck ugh i fell into a pile of needles rule in my car is if you dont do air drums when Rush comes on you have to get out i hate when you call someone and they dont answer and they text you two minutes later like hey did you call i exploded thought the Trojan BearSkin condoms were way cooler until i found out it was spelled BareSkin what the love the peeps over at ! my father came to this country with nothing but the clothes on his back. he kept them on his back because he preferred to travel naked a baby sits as a wolf approaches him. he cries cuz he knows his life is about to end. but instead of getting eaten he just explodes randomly sorry i cant make it to your thing. my legs fell off again 3 words, eight letters that will win over my heart... i love dog and a big thanks to for having me :) #FF that lovely man cool interview about dubstep4dads which is me i think feel free to read it if youre bored long time no sea -cavemen experiencing a drought a great comic by #FF got rap battle mixed up with wrap battle and now im standing on a street corner crying with a turkey swiss footlong Lil Jon has a sister named Big Jen Flo Rida's nickname in highschool was Ten Nessee hey is your QB being monitored by the NSA cause everything he puts up is getting intercepted #DiGiorNOYOUDIDNT #Sportball got kicked out of a strip club for throwing kohls cash at the strippers *robs a kohls but only for the kohls cash* nothing better than the celebrity remakes of popular christmas songs that they play at Kohls *puts gun to head* i have a little puppy as my screensaver on my phone and it makes me happy when im feeling down i want to kiss a lil puppy :) i watched the hunger games on thanksgiving and just realized the irony #FF Brian gaar follow him now he's attractive and funny and really good looking and hes pretty funny too follow now stop taking pictures of your notes/homework. idc about your neat handwriting. idc that you've been literally studying for 6 hours . just no cool frontpage of reddit. blow me u reddit asshole fuckers hey im here to uh. *giggles* ...apply for the uh...missionary\\ Position hahah jeff shut the fuck up *i come home with a massive pair of jeans in a jewelery box* HE WENT TO JARED! sticks and stones may break my bones but wallet chains and whips excite me people who drink soda in the A.M. - are you okay? im here if you need to talk cute puppy wallpaper always makes me smile helping my little brother with his wordsearch and holy shit... #WednesdayNightFitnessRant if you max out all the weights at planet fertness they give you pizza and let you move on to a real gym *spends $438 on a gym outfit to post on instagram with hashtag fitness* tired of all the GYMtimidation? come to plernet fertness. no lunks allowed. here at plernet fertnerse we cry together and eat pizza hey... saw your paragraph long instagram post about your fitness and motivation. thank you, its helped me alot. thank you. -nobody the only things i can draw lady, cut my neck open with trimmers, i dont care, but if you try and start a conversation with me im never coming back to this Supercuts i see you homie... one strappin that Jansport damn girl, are you from tennessee? because youre the only te- *the number ten walks by* hmm... well. nevermind. sorry about that if you can name more than 4 soccer players we probably wont be friends a cop? haha no, no... im not a cop. just a guy looking to fire up a weed bong, blazer. now, who has the most illegal narcotics in this town? if you dont want your annoying ass nephew playing with your kindle fire just name your wifi santa isnt real and tell him to log in weird how every video game character is probably like on the verge of pooping all the time where does the grand theft auto guy keep his guns? a rifle won't fit in your back pocket i think is just william but with two small black peas in it its not easy being emo in 2013 JD is the one with all the power. his associates are basically useless my vintage gray tshirt lets people know that i have hobbies and im not afraid to spend a little extra for fashion. I know this is a controversial opinion, but I don't think children should be kept in cages WHO MADE THIS?? SCREAMING I misread this as cannibals and wasn't even that shocked Child concentration camps The real winner of the World Cup is friendship Can't believe Brazil's goalkeeper is 67cm tall BREAKING: All of the dads have joined together to form one colossal dad. A 3 mile high thermostat has appeared in c The Jay-Z and Beyonce album is getting great reviews, with both Tidal users giving it 5 stars JAY-Z AND BEYONCE. Holy shit .RELEASE SURPRISE JOINT ALBUM. HOLY SHIT .ON TIDAL Best of luck to them. The Beatles are a poor man's Chainsmokers Idk, just seems like Obama had fewer concentration camps for children Clifford the big basic bitch #ICEARG #ICEARG 2: Meltdown #ICEARG 3: Dawn of the Dinosaurs #ICEARG 4: Continental Drift Jesus is sitting in heaven right now watching crying children being ripped away from their parents and just going Ronaldo isn't even human. Fuck me It's about damn time . happy birthday mr president! This is so true I forced a bot to watch 100 hours of Olive Garden commercials then went into the next room and typed up 2 pages of fake script for Twitter The most successful people I've met: 1. People who aren't me 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. I came here to chew bubblegum and eat ass - and I'm all out of bubblegum. According to my calculations it is time for ass All games are Role Playing Games. In Gran Turismo your role is a car International House Of Ass Laughing imagining Trump steaming about De Niro the whole time he was in Singapore then sprinting back to the plane to tweet about him the boys are back in hell, where they belong The boys are back in town, but way too fast. Overshot the runway by a large amount. The boys are dead I can't be the only one who finds it worrying that Trump has promised Kim Jong-un that he'll be a playable character in Super Smash Bros Good news - Hozier finally got to church Bad news - He set fire to it. Multiple fatalities Uh-oh, this is embarrassing. Trump just snagged his pants on a windmill and it carried him all the way round until There's a lot to process in this clickbait link #ThingsMyDadWouldNeverDo come back If somebody says can I ask you something and you say no, they will assume you're joking and ask you anyway. Absol lol imagine the horse said no Has everyone got their captions ready for the Trump/Kim photo? Im going with Covfefe much?? Then a link to m Is there any greater feeling than jumping into an active volcano Sainsbury's are selling Brexit wizards. Want to keep non-racists away from your house? Brexit Wizard by Sainsbury's. Hey babe u like backflips? Check this out [falls backwards into an open sewer and is never seen again] Surrendering to the police 4 minutes into a bank heist because I said sausages instead of hostages Mr Potato Head's potato also serves as his torso. He should be called Mr Potato Head & Torso Who would win in a fight between Muhammad Ali and John Cena? (Both alive & in their prime) Sometimes I think my life is a bit like The Truman Show. Fucking terrible So apparently if you tweet about Blockchain this happens. Fuckin weird Just said Blockchain in a crowded area and got hit in the face by seven vaginas Osama Bin Laden was killed by Sonic and Knuckles I never gave them a first chance They just played the Jurassic World trailer before Jurassic World. Might check it out grandma - guess what I got you for your birthday? Me - please say it's not more grandpas [a steady stream of gr It's heartbreaking that Fallout 76 is probably the closest we'll ever get to Fallout 69 I've never wanted to wash somebody so badly Remember like two years ago when all the celebrities died for some reason Detective 1 - it appears he said Trump is like Voldemort, and the American people are like Harry Potter, the boy w an [Melania knocks on bathroom door] Donald, are you pardoning yourself in there? [muffled pardoning noises] n.no? Imagine if Donald Trump was a piece of toast. Every time he said anything people would be like nice tweet toast bo Becoming increasingly convinced that Rudy Giuliani and Pierce Hawthorne are the same person an poo [receives food in restaurant] Thanks [waits] . [waits some more] . [looks around] ok, coast is clear [puts Holy shit. I was watching the news with my 396 year-old quadriplegic grandma and she said Donald Trump oppa Gangna my ass smells like egg Nothing worse than when you're having a nice day then suddenly remember you're a big pile of chaos meat that could I love things like this that definitely happened Check this out: Edgar Allan.Poo Imagine Kanye was a plumber, and he said slavery was a choice, then two weeks later people forgave him because he laid some pipes real good You know i wish that I had Tommy's cum, Tommy's cum, Where can I find some cum like that Already been deleted but holy fucking shit I straight up thought North Korea gave Trump a purse Demi Lovato can only be defeated by a regular Lovato Upset - Shrek Weak - Shrek 2 Lonely - Kung Fu Panda Sinned - Shrek 2 again Worried - Shrek the Third Anxious - Shre Piers Morgan continues to demonstrate levels of triggered previously unknown to humankind Idea: a pizza, that is very big. I call it. big pizza my favorite food is groceries. when I eat them I go ahh groceries When your partner knows your social media login details Normal planet Surprise, motherfuckers!! [Hitler wakes up and looks at calendar] 1945? What the hell have I been doing for the last 6 years?? [Notices h Me - ugh, I hate wasps My friends's brother Chad who is a wasp - what? Me - nothing [2020] Roseanne Barr - hello and welcome to conservative comedy hour on Fox News Jared Fogle - let's do some laughs Thing is, if Ted Nugent was always the first person to defend me, there's no way I wouldnt realize I'm an awful human being The Hills Have Eyes Wrong Turn Referencing movies is fun More like Roseanne Badd Bill Maher is John Mayer's dad Shakespeare - hey man, wanna go to a bar. Brett, Shakespeare's friend sure thing! Shakespeare - .of soap Omg The opposite of John Goodman is Roseanne Badlady The signs were there Mark Twain had a dumbass younger brother called Choo-Choo T-Pain is Mark Twain's son. I will not be taking questions at this time wife - are you playing with that green screen again? me [soaring majestically over the Himalayas] I think we bot *BREAKING* sneaky teens trying to buy booze severely misjudge their height - 300ft trenchcoat behemoth said to contain 57 people Hey girl wassup? Yeah so I'm getting pretty good at MMA (managing my anxiety) LADIES imagine this: It's 15 years from now. Somebody once told you the world is gonna roll you, and you weren't t There's no such things as adults. People just become tall babies [reading frantically] Sorry I'm late for work. I just hate being here Elon Musk - im going to space cum Grimes - for the last time, stop saying that Nice amendment, sure would be a shame if someone were to. repeal it Im: Gay Straight The NFL ruling only says you have to stand, it doesn't say how. You can straight up stand on your head oppa Gangnam style This news story is 100x better without the third line It'd be hilarious if Kim Jong-un actually did write to Trump, forcing him to learn to read Shrek gifs Ned Stark would be proud of Cersei Lannister insists zombie Mountain [watching 13 Reasons Why with girlfriend] This is one of the 13 Reasons Why Imagine how fucked up the Royal wedding would have been if Prince Harry married C-3PO instead The most petted dog exists Grimes - Make love to me Elon Musk - Ok this is awkward. I sent my dick into space for no reason whatsoever...yik The news would be 100x better if Trump was only ever referred as America's big clever boy ok I'll bite, what is Elon Musk and Grimes? Gluten-free ass Hate to point this out, but Trump already has a Netflix show Oh honey no. No no no I hate when a clown pretends to throw a bucket of water on me but instead of water it's divorce papers and instead woah, would u look at the time 12 11 # 1 10 | 2 9 -- Sonic the Hedgehog has arrived with his wife, Knuckles the Echidna and their son, Master Chief #RoyalWedding No shit. It's a school shooting It took 4,632 takes to record a version of this video without any racial slurs #tbt the greatest day in news headline history my grandpa had three asses POLL TIME: What is the greatest pizza topping of all time? At the #RoyalWedding everyone will arrive at the church, then just as everything goes quiet Stone Cold Steve Austin Date - what do you wanna do tonight Me [severely brain damaged] ME WANT DANGLE YOU FROM SKYSCRAPER AGAIN Date [ BEHOLD! PIZZA CUBE!! A CUBE OF DOUGH FILLED WITH MELTED CHEESE, AND ALL SIX SIDES ARE COVERED IN PIZZA TOPPINGS! Did I do good today daddy? You sure did champ. You sure did By the age of 35 you should have saved $4 Oh shit they're going to ban Bazinga!! - Me, upon hearing Rick & Morty got renewed for 70 new episodes Melania. I don't feel so good. Mall cop - sir the soft play area is for children only Me - Revealing the gender of my baby by having someone run me over in a blue car How to get all the secret tapes in Tony Hawks Pro Skater 2 FYI the all-time best tweet thread is pinned to my profile, I enjoyed it immensely and you will too imo What was that movie where the guy shrunk his kids then told his wife about it More like [german accent] Brooklyn nein nein!! Elon Musk - Im very pleased to announce my newest project Elongated Musk - Im so large. unnecessarily big bo [trying to impress group of hot girls] Did somebody order tickets to the GUM show? [all of my teeth fall out] The Pope - Hello Piers Morgan - Good afternoon Holy Father I think this email might be legit you guys Sometimes I like to sit down, whereas on occasion I enjoy standing up. Depends on the vibe Every Paul Walker sticker placed on a car increases its top speed by 10kph, and it is currently uncapped. 100 Paul Only true nerds will understand this Bold move. I assumed she'd sing Reply to this tweet with the word Grapefruit trees are just thicc sticks [Elon Musk sees a homeless guy] Oh no, this is terrible. I simply must use my vast wealth to address this problem Exclusive look at my drafts folder Mitch McConnell always looks like he just saw a pug riding a skateboard Just spent 20 minutes looking for my car keys when I was literally holding them inside my ass CNN is reporting DJ Khaled has reversed his position on cunnilingus and will eat his wife's pussy live on Jimmy Fallon Siri, show me the least interesting news story of all time My body is just a series of carrots held together by string Butler - pussy sir? DJ Khaled - no thank you Jeeves. I care not for the sweet nectar of a woman's genitals. I wi My best tweets thread has made it into Dutch Twitter. I don't understand any of my mentions whatsoever but I'm lo Beer is an essential oil 24 hours later and people are still sending me their favorite tweets. I've pinned it to my profile so if you're eve I'm just surprised there's something DJ Khaled won't eat Oh shit there's more. How have I never seen this? Oh yeah I have Josh muted lmfao at that last RT Thank goodness. I love kiss from a rose Damn that was a lot of RTs. I feel like one of those Favstar boys with a goatee whose avatar is them wearing a baseball cap in a car must be nice for you all to scroll my timeline and see good tweets for once Reply to this with your all-time favourite tweet That last RT (the one) is my favourite tweet of all time Contrary to scientific belief, the human body has only 2 (two) bones - the skull and the ass. Paying to cover up an affair that didn't happen. The business president strikes again!! I SCOUR THE WASTELAND FOR HOT SINGLES, BUT THEY HAVEN't VENTURED INTO MY AREA FOR FIFTEEN YEARS. ON THE HORIZON A M McDonald's manager - sir, again you can't substitute the food in a Happy Meal for more toys Me - D.Donkey. Executioner - any last words? Me - big mood Comin outta my cage, And I've been doing just fine, Cuz im jackin off, inside a cage [watching Kill Bill vol.2] Who the fuck is Bill Finally, Avengers time baby!! Been waiting so long to watch this. Nothing could ruin this moment for. [Neil Deg [Watches Deathly Hallows pt.1 having seen none of the other Harry Potter movies] THIS MOVIE IS BAD. WHO ARE THESE Thanos - u got any infinity stones? Me - nah man, but I have these finite stones? Thanos - fuck u, punk ass buster First rule of comedy: NEVER bake cookies dressed as Hitler Two people, or one vase? FINALLY Mike HuckaBee Movie Sure dildos are cool, until you realize they kinda look like penises My son brought this book home from school and now Papa Roach are standing outside my house with a pair of scissors The GOP - aww do the poor liberal snowflakes need safe spaces? Also the GOP - we walked out of the corresponden I saw on a tree today It's always nice to get a funny reply. Makes a change from I literally hope you die piece of shit motherfucker ass piss Not many people know this but Post Malone is a giraffe Looks like somebody's album pre-sales have dropped off. Trump 3 days from now - thank you Kendrick. I've long been a supporter of having a dick as big as the Eiffel Tower When you invite the boys back to your place for Lunchables and Bee Movie It sort of does, yeah Ah, that classic gadget - clocks [walks into the man store] Hi yes I have $15 to spend on the perfect man Man store assistant - i have the worst job in the world Kanye (2004) - We at war with terrorism, racism, but most of all we at war with ourselves Kanye (2018) HELLO Liberals always conveniently forget that Obama spent 90% of his presidency thanking people for wearing hats HE WORE MY HAT AND WE ARE FRIENDS NOW This whole Kanye thing is no different than when Glenn Miller had a new record out during World War II so he said Hitler had a nice ass He was an award winning rapper, He was the President of France, But together they're. [record scratch] Competing [Holds door to impress hot girl] Hot girl - where did you get that door? Guess who just got laid?? The guy in this porn I'm watching Sorry if my tweet about a spoon offended anybody else. It was reckless of me to tweet about eating utensils without prior warning. Lmao this guy got super triggered by a tweet about a spoon Spoons are just thicc forks I'm a Tottenham fan and not a single one of our players could get into this Liverpool team. Incredible. #LIVROM In hell everyone is an ostrich except you but you're allergic to ostriches [at mosquito zoo] Do u have anything that isn't a mosquito? Mosquito zoo tour guide - we sure do. We have a beau Can't believe they've called the royal baby Goku Gutted. I'm trying to jack off to Milf Hunter but all the milfs have been poached by rustlers They glossed over it in the TV show but there were seventeen different types of Pokmon called Dennis Brexit can only assume its human form when a royal baby is born Can't believe they've called the royal baby Jrgen Klopp Early reports suggest the royal baby is a 38 year-old electrician called Stephen Wilkinson This photo is incomplete due to the absence of one noteworthy President. Get well soon Jimmy Carter Hot girl - would you like to dance? Me, a goldfish - more than anything, but alas Fact: If there was a feature length episode of Queer Eye it would be a better movie than The Godfather Personal trainer - today is leg day Hannibal Lecter - excellent I'll have six Shoutout to this Russian bot that RT'd itself within 8 minutes of replying to my tweet Me - these breadsticks are really nice Kanye West - THE ONLY TRUE BREADSTICK IS THE HUMAN MIND. ALSO I LOVE HITL It's crazy how Kanye has started saying controversial things again, just like he did when his last album came out The L in Samuel L Jackson stands for Le. His full name is Samuel Le Jackson, which is French for 'samuel The Jackson I went for a walk in the countryside today and came across some cool ass abandoned buildings I saw this today in the middle of nowhere and. I have so many questions Ominous Me - HOW MANY RTs TO GET A FREE SUBARU Subaru salesman - sir please, why are you saying this out loud mr piss Solid Snake - sh Liquid Snake yeah don't make a sound Gas Snake - [rips huge fart, alerting 73 guards] Morrissey was the lead singer of the Smurfs. The reason he's always pissed off is because he's a tiny blue shirtle Kanye - THE HUMAN SPIRIT IS BUT A GHOST OF OUR FUTURE REMORSE Drive-thru intercom - do u want food I'm having a BBQ. (Barley water, Bible and a Quail's egg) Well this is awkward. Nobody else at this funeral is wearing a kimono [a perfectly spherical man rolls into my field of vision] Microwave? Me [sexily] microwave Please mourn - Jeb Bush Not many people know this but all rappers are extremely small. Kendrick? 4ft 2 Dr Dre? 6 inches Wiz Khalifa? Only visible under a microscope Morrissey - ISIS is good now Me - Well that's your opinion and I respect it Morrissey - and Bee Movie is sub-p As shit as the world is on a daily basis, today I'm taking comfort in the fact Kendrick Lamar won a Pulitzer Prize. Genie - A Broadway musical of Boss Baby? Me - that's right And your second wish? No thank you John Cena - We should see other people Niki Bella - But John, I can't even see YOU John Cena - hahaha Niki Bella - lmaoo When Trump goes to prison they should let him post one tweet a day so we all know how much he's enjoying it Feel so bad for Trump's deflated and concerned lawyers. Just hundreds of them walking around the White House bumping into walls and sobbing [playing Mariokart with Neil Degrasse Tyson] NDT - so lemme get this straight - a flying blue shell, that explodes Imagine if a cop pulled you over but when you looked up at him he was every member of Wu Tang stacked on each other's shoulders When Donald Trump won the election, he also won.our hearts Damn. When the FBI raided Michael Cohen's office, they found the personal details of every single person who attend Date - I really dig intellectual guys Me [after 40 seconds of silence] dogs are tall cats [record scratch] Yep, that's me. You're probably wondering how I got myself into this mess. The episode of Nailed It where they try to recreate the Donald Trump cake is incredible Imagine what Twitter is going to be like if the pee tape comes out. I've been on here for a long time and I cannot Boobs have been around since 1931, but didn't get popular until the 60's My Netflix 'recommended for you section is just endless pictures of a noose Zuckerberg - erm. [panics and sets privacy to highest setting] . [it literally does nothing] oh yeah, haha. Of course Me - Im going to thrust now Girlfriend - again, you don't have to. Me [thrusts] I hardly ever use social media, except when I need to crank one out on 9/11 Repeat after me. I, Mark Zuckerberg I, Rachel [crowd gasps] PLOT TWIST: This is who's questioning Zuckerberg Im gonna buy a Kindle and read all the classics man, Romeo and Juliet, Great Expectations. All that shit [one we DO U KNOW HOW THE LAW WORKS [slaps someone to death with a uterus] It's ok officer Ben Shapiro will vouch for me Seems like the FBI raided Obama's people significantly less, idk Imagine being this guy Nothing but respect for my large president Time hasn't been kind to Dr Robotnik Squirrels are just long mice Your pornstar name = your biggest fear followed by your biggest fear again four times in all caps, then seventeen e [whispers in girlfriend's ear] You are my world [Neil Degrasse Tyson appears in my field of vision shaking his he Remember in Guitar Hero when you'd have a perfect streak going but then RIGHT at the end of the song a chandelier w London is sexy af this evening Uber driver - so lemme get this straight, you want me to. Me - run me over with your car, yes I wonder if monsters are like damn bro, I need a human energy right about now hahaha thank you for following me on the website If you then you dont dont love deserve me at my Twitter has started verifying bots Nice to see my last tweet getting such positive reviews If you then you dont dont love deserve me at my Before you judge someone, remember everyone is fighting their own battles. For example, my dick is stuck in a toaster [air hostess bursts into cabin] IS ANYBODY ON THIS PLANE A PILOT?? [Voice from cockpit] Yes, there are two of us Neighbor - good morning! Me [lying] - good morning! Thank you for explaining my own tweet to me Roseanne Barr is getting all of the criticism, but let's not forget John Goodman imprisoned a woman in an undergrou The April Fool's Day joke getters have logged on I've been debating whether to tweet this for a while.but here goes [deep breath] Spongebob Circlepants I hate when ur havin sex and the girl is like put it in sideways and you're like that's not even remotely possib If any of you guys like music, check out 'the Beatles. Not bad Forget Godfather, forget Shawshank. This is the the greatest movie of all time This museum is savage af Cc: The stone rolls back and Jesus, nude & covered in baby lotion just slides out on his stomach at 1mph. Face down. Ju Just seen this on Instagram. Wtf?? oh my god The biggest number is four hundred - people in 2008 Love to interact with my fans David Hogg is the President now Everyone's giving Donald Trump a hard time for calling Roseanne, but people forget that when 9/11 happened George [sees Mark Zuckerberg in the street] Me - Oh hey Mark Zuckerberg! Mark Zuckerberg - hey man, happy birthday for October 16th! More like Jeff Bozo Lego Delicious The joke getter has logged on Fun fact: the total amount of dogs worldwide is 76. That's a lot of dogs! [Spotify playlist ends] hey, you know that shit you'd never listen to, ever? Here's some of it!! We need a Disney princess who is Shrek Here's the thing. Everything sucks ass [at gender reveal party] Did u just assume the gender of that fucken cake?? Doctor - Im afraid you have.a brain tuna Me - you mean.tumor?? [saltwater drips from my ear while the doctor shakes his head] Every baby born in 2018 so far is called Alan and scientists don't know why Doctor - Im afraid you're dying. You have a big ass heart Me - but that's good right? Doctor - no no you misu Denzel is short for Dennis Zelda Netflix - we've decided to give you your own special Me - oh ok, unexpected but wow, thanks [6 months later] ** Me- hey, can I get like, four beers? Judge - again, no That is the best salad I've ever seen Ricky Gervais - can I get some gravy for this cheeseburger please? Waiter - gravy? But sir. it's a cheesebu... Meme Annual reminder that I once made the greatest meme of all time Remember a few months ago when Trump called himself a stable genius and we all just moved on like we always do The Bible is very vague as to how much Jesus could bench Must remember not to open Twitter when I'm using my laptop on the train [Wrestlemania] Biden's down! Biden is down! Trump removes his shirt, he's moving in for the kill, but what's this? If you don't want to read the whole Zuckerberg statement, here's a brief summary: When u see a pug across the street When u jump on a meme 2 weeks after it stopped being funny I'm the top result for Lent. Really hope the pope does a search I've given up dildos for lent and so far have only shown weakness 406 times Marvel - Infinity war is the most ambitious crossover event in history me: Please enjoy this photograph of three of my favorite Lego sets Kids nowadays want the latest iPhone but when I was little all I wanted was for my dad to come back Big Bird - I made a G today Tupac - but u made it in a sleazy way EVERYONE STOP WHAT YOU're DOING AND LOOK AT THIS EXTREMELY TINY BAG OF HARIBO I JUST FOUND hahaha - me watching Big Bang Theory Season 2 episode 3 of Power rangers contains the most annoying 19 seconds in television history The reason Don Jr is getting divorced is so his wife gets half of his treason So when Drake plays Fortnite it's legendary but when I play Call of Duty nude Im scaring the customers ?? Cop - Do you know why I pulled you over today? 43 clowns - Yes Date - I think Im gonna leave. You don't know the real names of food and it's weird [waiter brings over lasagna] *Space force, episode 1* Space cop 1 [floating around helplessly] any day now there's gonna be a crime up her The fun haver has logged on Ah fuck, the space force just caught me burning leaves without a permit Trump [giving speech near a lake] We should have scuba cops Currently wearing shoes #Sponsored #Ad Not everybody knows this, but the meat chicken comes from chickens. Imagining Trump screaming BORDER WALL at the top of his voice, but saying the rest of the sentence completely norma Cannibal 1 - are u hungry? Cannibal 2 - no I just had a three corpse meal Graham just set women back 20 years This tweet is for my lady followers. Men not allowed to fav or RT. Thanks I can bench 14lbs Season two of The Wire is the best season of any TV show ever. Date - are u ok in there? Me [trying to hide the fact that Im a majestic swan] haha yeah I'll be out in a minut an poo Here it comes. 1 minute until an poo Two minutes until I drop an poo 3 minutes until an poo Just a heads-up. I'm going to be tweeting an poo in 4 minutes Be interesting to see if Ready Player One sticks to the book and keeps Pac-Man uncircumcised Hello Apparently women find it incredibly attractive when guys change diapers. Well ladies, I change mine three times a day That tweet is incredible The Shape of Water (2017) Clowns to the left of me, jokers to the right, here I am, stuck in the middle of clowns and jokers Happy birthday to all the women That's my all-time Twitter highlight right there. Nothing can ever top a complimentary dildo. Alien vs Predator Freddy vs Jason Tom & Jerry vs Borat Comedians in cars getting coffee Shadow of the Colossus is a perfect game. My prediction for the Oscars is that everyone will have a nice time Why is Brooklyn barbeque taking over the world? When u don't really understand the meme but everyone's doin it so. In the episode Peppa's Pumpkin Party the narrator makes this observation, and therefore it is canon that in the P Video games are to blame for pretty much all bandicoot related violence The best thing about summer is you can read your bible in the garden CNN reporting that Garfield has joined ISIS [Harp music coming from business class abruptly stops] flight attendant - [clearly panicked] CAN ANYONE ON THIS PLANE PLAY THE HARP? After my tweet last week, this sex toy company is now offering $15 off with code RUBIO lmao Hell yeah. Always a good day when I get tweets from dildo manufacturers I PLEDGE TO WORK FOR FREE for any school to help secure the children. I am a retired veteran, 29 years of service, Sometimes it seems like all hope is lost, but then Anthony Bourdain casually calls Trump Spambo and for a brief m Even after all this time, occasionally I remember Donald Trump is President of the United States of America and it That cup of tea (my last RT) is the worst thing I've ever tasted, but more fool anyone who would allow me to make them a drink [watching Ready Player One with date] That's player one, and if Im not mistaken.yes. He is ready That's exactly how I run When the secret service returns with a Happy Meal The horrifying truth behind all the ice cream store customers going missing lately Thread. Mustard is a good friend of mine and these tweets can't have been easy, but they're so pertinent to what's When your teacher hears an unexplained noise in the corridor Just posted a tweet which went to 4 favs, then back to 2. Fuck you, people who instantly regretted encouraging me The year is 2021. All teachers are required to wear Hulkbuster armor It's cool how it's only taken 200 school shootings since Columbine for companies to realize the NRA is bad Me - I get severely anxious about palindromes Doctor - have you tried Xanax? Eevee evolution guide: Thunder stone: Jolteon Water stone: Vaporeon Fire stone: Flareon Exclusive content stone: Patreon It'd be cool if a dildo company could offer Marco Rubio more money than the NRA, causing him to suddenly become insanely pro-dildo Bueller . Bueller . Bueller . [grabs pump-action shotgun] I said where my fuckin Bueller at?? Ted Cruz - I think Democrats are the party of Patrick and.Squid-bert whereas Republicans are the party of [glanc Clifford the large purple man Teachers are already armed.with the miracle of knowledge Fish are tiny, wet cats Trump - Mitch Rompney would make a great senator. Always been a big fan of Rom Mitchney and don't let the fake new On Presidents Day, Donald Trump turns his head 180 degrees like an owl and eats his own ass from a standing position WHO MADE THIS? I'm SCREAMING The president is exceptionally calm this morning. Unprecedented levels of not mad. [driving home from the movies] Haha. Black Panther sure loves jumping onto cars [hears a soft thud on the roof of my Smart Car] There are no words to describe how much Black Panther kicks ass. Holy shit. Fellas, if you haven't already - check out porn. You can thank me later Doctor - Im afraid.it's terminal Me - Oh no no no please no Doctor [Sends thoughts and prayers] Well would 3 dildos inside my ass, Missouri Merry Christmas everyone NRA N - National R - Piss A - Fuckers The NRA is a stupid fucking terrorist organization full of cold-blooded murder fetishists Idea - goth toilet. It's a toilet, but it is also a goth [about to have sex for first time] Ok play it cool play it cool [girl takes off bra] Ah-ha! A boob! [puffs pipe This could all be solved if all teachers had a mech Ohh shit here come the thoughts and prayers from fake-ass white Christians It's crazy how beards suit some people but not others Roses are red, Violets are blue, Piss, So much piss Me - who's a good boy? Dog - Hitler Me - what Dog - what I just flew in from the Salvador Dali exhibition and boy are my swans a large hammer Commentator - holy cow, it looks like a surprise competitor has entered the half-pipe [I desperately try to act l My parents were always criticized for naming me Dr Fuck, but after 6 years of hard work, I've finally got my PhD in It looks nothing like him On the final day of the Olympics, all of the medalists should have a snowball fight to determine the one true champion of winter As a child, Power Rangers taught me that all of my problems could be solved with martial arts and 60ft robots [ice skater lands spinning backflip] Me - whoah Commentator - my wife left me in October. I sleep in a wooden boat My son is watching 90's Power Rangers and Tommy is straight up wearing this shirt in school When my tweets bomb - damn, Twitter is quiet tonight When my tweets do well - Im a fucking genius If somebody told Trump Puerto Rico is where woman beaters live they'd have their power back within a week girls don't like bees, girls like hives and honey Puerto Rico is still largely without power If you would like to donate to either of the charities that helped son in his final days, here are th Please read my last RT ( and donate if you can. I'm gonna do it now. Absolutely heartbreaking WWE is short for Wet, Wet Eggs [arrives at the gates of hell] Satan - WELCOME MORTAL. DOWN HERE. WE DON't HAVE LASAGNA Me - um.ok? [Satan I know Gmail, I know. Top 1 types of giraffe: 1 - giraffe The group chat is super awkward rn because one of the boys just gave birth to a swan Me - pass the salt? Elon Musk [excitedly attaching salt to tiny space shuttle] You know what never mind Elon Musk is an anagram of his real name, Noel Skum Justin has his Beliebers, Gaga has her little monsters, and I have my Fredophiles Just done the ice bucket challenge. Next up, Pokmon Go Sometimes the Dow Jones goes sideways and they have to catch it with a lasso [wakes up] oh ffs not again Paul Ryan - working Americans could earn as much as $1.50 extra a week!! Elon Musk - I shall now send a stapler to Neptune lmfao at my last RT That line-up is badass People use the stock market when they don't have the image rights to the original market Can't wait to find out how Hillary Clinton crashed the stock market Can't believe the stock market is crashing, I literally just invested $1.50 The most fucked up thing I can think of is a really tall rabbit wearing a shirt Love to check my mentions Holy shit, I just remembered the 90's If we all put our $1.50's together we can buy a large ham Me the day before payday - arghh Im so poor lol Me on payday - [sprinting towards the $1.50 store] Ok I'm back Lot of people telling me Scooby-Doo on Zombie Island is a movie, rather than an episode. I can only apologise for t Shaggy is thicc af in this episode of Scooby Doo $1.50 a week doesn't sound like much, but if you save up for just one month, you have $6 But have 6 million followers Ah not even BBC1. Sorry mate. Maybe one day Reminder that very few people had seen this image until Piers Morgan brought attention to it A couple of years ago I was at a children's birthday party with my 2 year old daughter, and Piers Morgan was rantin The human centiPiers When the doctor isn't quite sure about your prostate Hahahaha. I wasn't even aware of this image until he RT'd it. Thanks Piers. U eatin that ass good If the groundhog sees his own ass it means six more weeks of ass Sure why not. That dog is cool as hell Me - and.you're sure you're a real doctor? Pigeon holding a scalpel - sure why not. Give me ur kidneys Just opened the toilet door on the train and there was a bloke having a piss. He looked at me like it was my fault Your honor, the only thing my client is guilty of. is twenty four murders [Judge slams a Monster Energy] Well I'm that guy from Polar Express who sits on the roof I hate when businessmen boast on the train about things I could never have. ooh look at me, I have a job and im eating a sandwich Pretty impressive. Last time they used an actor Adam Driver has a younger brother called Adam 5 Iron It has been exactly 25 years since January started A while back a pizza company asked if they could send me stuff. I asked them for a signed photo of a pizza I'm wearing all of these at once and I've had sex 46 times in the last two hours Me - Uh-oh, looks like team rocket is blasting off againn! Girlfriend - For the love of Christ stop saying that during sex I love when somebody describes a book as a real page turner , like oh shit. So that's how books work, thanks This photograph is the most effective contraceptive in the world. Subway guy - you want extra cheese? Me - sure Cheese - I think we should move in together Me - damn [turns to camera] that IS extra [going down on the Titanic] Damn, u got a big clitoris Bad cop - damn. How we gonna get into this castle? Trebuchet cop - I have an idea Easily the worst Marvel villain Surprise surprise, Jesus takes the number one spot AGAIN Really nice gesture imo Shark Tank entrepreneur - so lemme get this straight, the other end of the toothbrush is. Me [1 inch from his face] dildo Just found out about 'dogs - check it out. Google has some information on them Signs that your pet dog might be a scorpion: - Has six legs - Fewer people want to pet it - Responds to popular sc Other implications here are the possible existence of a good bowser called powser, and an evil yoshi called hoshi My mind is all sorts of blown rn I saw a tweet this week that implied an evil Princess Peach would be called Wincess Weach, but she wouldn't. She wo if you don't appreciate my last tweet then you don't understand art. Feel free to unfollow About 18 months ago one of you signed me up to the Trump/Pence mailing list, but the emails are so hilarious that I [Goes back in time to visit myself as a child] Hi. Im you, but from the future Oh, do.do you have a warning f It sucks ass that we never got to see all six Friends join together to do battle as MegaFriend Whatever happens at the Oscars, the real winner is friendship Get Out deserves to win all of the Oscars, including best animated short, best foreign film and best song Omg! Thank you for improving my tweet about a pubic hair ghost Tell me doc, is it haunted pubes?? Trust me, there's no such thing as haunted pubes. It's probably someth... [a Im huge in Japan - Godzilla If I won the lottery I would give it all away just to watch Donald Trump attempt one backflip The first thing i do after a hard day at work is take off the tiny bra that I wear on my dick The Big Bang Theory, but underwater. They can't breathe or anything, but they're there. Episode is 58 seconds long and is the last one The government shut down because Trump got his head stuck in the toilet. He saw his reflection in the water and tri Fucked up that you can buy a gun at McDonalds, but gun stores don't sell chicken nuggets football Gonna become one of those guys wearing a baseball cap who quote tweets things like deadass pizza bitch and gets 147k likes [my pet scorpion jumps up at dinner guest] Haha don't worry, he's just saying hello At least Trump might finally get time to play some golf now Netflix - you still watching? Me - yea Netflix - oh ok. Cool. Just checking. Sometimes I wonder what it feels Can't believe the value of Bitcoin just dropped like it's literally nothing Jesus died so we could eat Tide Pods Sad to hear the wacky inflatable tube guy is getting a divorce, but apparently his marriage has been flailing for a while now Well, there you have it folks. Dogs are officially the best pet Pretty cool how the President of the United States did a fake news awards ceremony less than 24 hours ago and we've already moved on Let's settle this once and for all. Which is the best domestic pet? Consider if you will.a large pernis [removes chocolate from dogs mouth] NO! BAD DOG! Phew. That was close [eats three tide pods] I wonder what Trump is benchpressing right now The 239 pounds is just the weight of Trump's hair hahaha AY-YO!! I'm the first person to notice his hair is funny I literally can't tell the difference Can't stop thinking about Donald Trump's tiny, buff body and his brain which functions normally Donald Trump is so light that when he falls off a chair it takes him twelve seconds to hit the floor Donald Trump is so light that sometimes he floats into the air and the army has to intercept him on the edge of space Donald Trump is so light that he can sit on a leaf and even have a tiny picnic on it if he so chooses Donald Trump is so light that ants sometimes carry him off and he has to be rescued by the secret service Things trump weighs the same as: A small dog A large cat Fourteen Donald Trumps Donald Trump weighs 180 pounds and is over 9ft tall Jan 12th - the president said shithole Jan 15th - the president actually said shithouse Jan 16th - for real t ugh, I hate getting cremated [spits out tide pod] But if that was in my mouth. [cut to me placing a piping hot lasagna into my washing machine] Triggering the libs by editing Shrek out of Shrek 2 It's gonna be weird as hell in 2020 watching Oprah Winfrey try to bring peace to a nuclear wasteland inhabited by g Y'all ever notice how bug people be walkin like this [frantic scurrying] But sentient cuboids be walking like this Dog heaven sounds nice until you realize they'd all be kicking the living shit out of each other with zero humans to interject Fox and Friends is the sequel to The Fox and The Hound Hey here's a thing I'm working on with - it's gonna be good as hell Lmao i couldn't not RT that Willy Wonka - eat my ass Me - no Willy Wonka - please? Me - geez fine. Ooh blueberries, nice Rick and Morty is short for Richard and Morchard LadBible just discovered the concept of a zookeeper [god creating eels] The fuck is this lmao. Fuck it send News outlets - it is unknown whether they'll release Trump's BMI or neurological results Me [to date] that's science for fat & stupid Hawaii missile warning technician - damn, first day on the job. Come on Gerald u can do this [sets coffee down on I can benchpress a small dog Turns out the shithole was in our hearts all along BREAKING: Trump reportedly uses phrase oppa Gangnam Style 16 times in defense briefing [clears throat] an poo Lmao pubis Years from now, historians will look back and say ah yes, Donald Trump. The president who was a stable genius Me - I call sleep death prep because it's kind of just a dry run for eternal nothingness Date - I meant like hobbies? [doctor looks at chart & shakes head] Im afraid the results show that your father has advanced dementia oh no [ Henry Kissinger, but Henry don't Tellinger . Fuck it send tweet I bless the rains down in shit-hole Twitter 2014 - Hot ghosts live in. wait for it. MaliBoo! Twitter 2018 - I hope the nuke lands directly o There's zero chance that Ed Sheeran doesn't randomly pull out a guitar in the middle of sex and start singing directly into the girl's pussy When the Logan Paul dead body thing first happened, for a brief moment I thought it was RuPaul and I was all sorts of confused This thread is great. If you're not following you're missing out Whoah. Just seen Logan Paul nurse an injured puppy back to full health #ad #sponsored Me - Bitcoin? More like gimme the whole coin ammirite!?! Cop - sir you just hit seven pedestrians Argh, Im on a bus with a bunch of those people who quote tweet Im SCREAMING and the sound is unbearable [standing atop a majestic mountain] BITCOInN [i begin to float into the sky] BITCOInn [i look up and God Osama Bin Laden was buried at Sea, so when it rains, potentially a tiny evaporated piece of Osama Bin Laden could It's taken a year, but Trump has finally made a truthful statement [sees homeless guy sucking his own cock on the street] oh hey Steve hey Bannon, don't let the door hit you on the way out hahaha [the door swings towards his ass, but abruptly stops lol. Bit of corporate banter innit Whoah. The Lego Brexit Bus looks incredible Um.because it's his fucking dad? Iron Man - wow dude, you should join the avengers Me [doing good, big kicks] hey thanks Iron Man maybe I'll think about it Me [via interpretive dance] Big Mac Meal with Coke please Rocky and Bullwinkle is the sequel to Rocky Sometimes I worry that Im just.too much of a stable genius, you know? [psychiatrist pressing panic button 99 times] [Austin Powers voice] hasta la vista baby I just inherited a bitcoin from my cyber goth grandpa Somehow, things are going worse for Steve Bannon than they are for Trump, and I am here for that More staggering hypocrisy from Trump Where my stable geniuses at Explain this, libs. If Donald Trump isn't a stable genius then why does he have a big button George Washington - Associate yourself with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation; for 'tis better [psychiatrist looks at chart] Good news Mr President. Your results came back as.Stable genius. Congratulations If there's one positive in all this, at least dementia awareness is at an all-time high [sits next to hot girl at bar] Hello. I'm a Stable genius Trying to decide which of these pants will get me the most pussy Charlie Brooker - but am I creating the sandwich, or is the sandwich creating me? Subway worker - sir please I earn minimum wage That was both terrible, and repulsive. And I am not sorry Oh no, my cannibalism restaurant has received a cease and desist [reads letter again] ah no wait, it's a request to season a cyst Trump repeatedly saying sloppy Steve is 10x worse than any nuclear weapon Trump - THE BOOK IS FULL OF LIES AND FALSEHOODS [book sells out worldwide] The publishing industry is thriving thanks to me Gotta hand it to I've been trying to buy Fire and Fury all day but it's sold out everywhere. He t When Trump randomly tweets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN it's like in a cartoon where somebody panics & says something l The plural of octopus is octo-pals Movie trivia - despite his misleading name, the character Donkey from Shrek, is actually a dog Sonic is actually translucent. The blue is the reflection of the sky I'm beginning to think Trump isn't very good at being President Logan Paul should. LogOff Paul. Scraping the barrel here guys favs pls I assume Logan Paul is one of those YouTubers who opens surprise eggs and I don't care enough to confirm this [To drive-thru worker] thank you for your service Cop - sir, do u know why I pulled you over today? Stuart Little - is it because of my tiny red convertible? Ye More like. Pogan Laul I never quite know what to expect when I open Twitter but YouTuber apologizes for showing dead body and US Presi Obama managed 8 years without a single space-hopper related death but he hardly ever mentioned it [Trump sees a plane about to crash] Not so fast asshole [engines start working again and the plane returns to a safe altitude] [Trump sees passenger jet cruising at 36,000ft] Barron, see that plane? Im doing that I know a lot of people are making fun of this tweet but I would like to say, thank you Mr President for stopping pl I got a custom Trump minifig for Christmas and he's settling in just fine Hey shall we get a photo? I have no idea who you are young man, but sure why not Woo 2018 kicks ass so far, I. Trump - dogs are now illegal It's 2018 now in the U.K, so thank you all, sincerely for taking an interest in my thoughts on the internet. Love ya x Well, that was an unexpected twist 23:57 - For new year's Im going to give up spreading peanut butter onto a dildo and eating it like a popsicle 00 Cool ass Lego set I just gave birth to my own ass Remember when Ted Cruz cranked one out on 9/11 It's a shame fidget spinners kinda got lost amongst the racism and pedophilia in 2017 Yoda and Shrek are the same person To all of my followers on New Year's Eve.hello Bath salts? What next? Shower mustard? Fuck outta here Here are some stone cold gamer facts 1. Mario is Sonic's dad 2. Pac Man's real name is Greg 3. Lara Croft is a car I just screamed BITCOIn at a group of women and one of them became pregnant TACO is short for Tasty Ass Culinary Offering When you know the tweet is good Imagine you got home from work and Bono from U2 is going to town on a burger on your lawn. Just balls deep in a Big You are 71 years old [Charlie Brooker pitching black mirror] So basically, technology sucks ass Producer - here is seventeen briefcases full of cash Shotguns got their names because they are guns, that can be shot. Other types of guns do not have the shoot feature Not many people know this, but Obama's first name was also Obama Guy at work - see you next year Me - next year? But I'll be seeing you in a few d.oh. OH! Hahahahaha! You sir win the internet THIS IS NOT A DRILL. I REPEAT, THIS IS NOT A DRILL. aand that concludes your training. Welcome to Home Depot I wonder if Charlie Brooker thinks modern technology is good [trying to play it cool while picking movie to watch with date] How about. [pronounces pirates like Pilates ] .of the Caribbean? I just flew in from The White House and boy are my arms racist ass is insanely good Fox News weather guy - it's gonna be a cold one tonight folks Trump - [pulls out of Paris Climate Accord] Mr President, North Korea just launched six nukes at the west coast. What should we do? Trump - [wearing three ja Biscuits for cheese sounds like the most adorable protest I think astrology is bullshit, but then most Capricorns do Interviewer - so ur resume says I HAVE COMMITTED 0 MURDERS Me - that is correct Interviewer - nice dude. That\\ Mel Gibson is short for Melbert Gibsonious i Triggering the libs by watching Bright on Netflix and enjoying it Breaking Bad but Walt becomes a YouTuber I know Netflix's Bright is supposed to be terrible, but it's easily in my top 10 movies about orc racism I watched Bright on Netflix tonight and I can't stop thinking about this guy with the world's biggest protein shake SUPER HARRY KANE! This baby reveal cake sucks. There isn't even a baby in it I will defeat Santa Claus Santa Claus is a morbidly obese old man with arguably the world's most stressful job, and yet he is seemingly immor BREAKING: Santa has been shot down over Lebanon Last night I dreamt about a Porg wearing jeans. I've been thinking about it a lot today so I decided to draw it Date - so, you're called the Flash because you're fast right? The Flash [getting dick out] wait what *ASS* .. . Good. Now that I've got your attention. *TURBO ASS* Bring your obelisk to work day has been a resounding failure. Everyone's blood has collected on the ceiling and for What's the first thing you're going to do when you get your blue passport? I'm going to go to a food bank Nowadays fake boobs are made of silicon, but in the olden days the boobs were simply filled with wheat Christmas was invented in 1973 by Steve Christmas This is the best thing thats happened on Twitter this year [first day in prison cafeteria] Do u have sparkling water Nice of to let me run their social media today Spoiler. The last Jedi is Shrek Rap music annoys me. They just talk about how allergic they are to bees. Like, we get it you're allergic to bees Viking longboats weren't even that long. There I said it Treetops don't glisten. Bing Crosby was high as shit [Matt Damon, loudly while watching Passion of the Christ] I WOULD NEVER CRUCIFY ANYONE Reporter - Obama was incredible at the harmonica Trump - If you put Ed Sheeran's latest album on at 11:53 on New Year's Eve, it will suck ass Did u just assume the gender of my gingerbread Sad Christmas news. The little drummer boy (now the big drummer man) has been convicted of murder Today I saw a reindeer with the biggest antlers ever, and I thought you should see it too Paul Blart: Tomb Raider From the makers of T-shirt cannons.Croc bazooka Idea: Star Wars - but it's set in space I hate when you think you see a spider out of the corner of your eye and you jump but when you look closer it's jus Kylo Ren & Stimpy I once got RT'd by a guy with 0 followers. I think about that a lot I'm British, and for 2/min I will describe porn to Americans #NetNeutrality Anyway, enough of that. Piss tits fuck cabbage On the offchance anyone does buy something off my wife's Etsy, tell her Fred sent you and I'll include a personalized drawing of a vegetable I should have started that as [Borat voice] my wiife's Etsy link. Ah well. You live and learn For those interested, the link to my wife's Etsy shop is :) My wife makes clay charms to sell on Etsy. She emptied them into a tin earlier and it looks trippy as hell I wonder if Roy Moore will get the deposit back for his victory party? I don't know what Chuck E. Cheese's policy is God fucking damn that was a bad tweet Roy Moore just asked for some alone time with a young horse. Sources suggest foal play no. All of my posts are of Nobel Prize standard Imagine you're goin down on a girl, and her clit is straight up a tiny pair of boobs, then you look up and BOOM gia Date - I'd say my biggest turn-off is when a guy is just 46 chickens inside a giant plastic bag Me - [shuffles uncomfortably] Doug Jones should arrive on a pogo stick A Where's Waldo book but you have to find Roy Moore's Jewish lawyer In fairness to Roy Moore, he has to ride a horse to the polling station because the road goes within 100ft of the mall I don't think anybody has ever Milkshake duck'd quicker than Keaton. That kid did it quicker than the duck in the original tweet 27% of the internet is taken up by the Wikipedia donate message 2017 - I can't believe this website is free Post net-neutrality - guess what bitch So lemme get this straight.Liberals hate on Roy Moore but didn't have a problem with him playing James Bond? Me - hey Guy I said hey to - hello Trump - wow, what a crowd The crowd (Derek, aged 47) woo [opens clearly empty wallet in the club] Hoo boy. So many bitcoins Tweets never seem to do well on a Saturday night. It's almost like you all have better things to do than create shitty jokes for strangers Bit coin? bitch I got the full coin He forgot to feed it when he travelled to watch a football game for six minutes Lmao Check out this funny name I just thought of - Rebby Tumpo. Imagine your name was straight up Rebby Tumpo. Ok bye [to weed dealer] do u accept bitcoin Actually his name is Al Franken's monster Trump's presidential library consists entirely of those picture books with buttons on the side that make sound effe [brings girl back to my place] And this is where the magic happens [four magicians are chained to the wall] the ass of death GOP normalizing schedule: 1.Sexual abuse 2.Nazis 3.Pedophilia 4. Bestiality 5. People who watch anime Eminem's surname is also Eminem, which is also his middle name. GOP 2018 - yes the senator is a cannibal, but the people he eats are already dead That bear from The Revenant hasn't done anything since My lawyer wrote this tweet Is America great again yet One great thing about Trump is how calm and collected he is under pressure Flynn - I woulda gotten away with it too, if it wasn't for.[turns to camera] INFINITE EVIDENCE I bet Jared Kushner is wetting the bed slightly more than normal tonight Netflix - are u still witching? Me [doin mad spells] yea bitch To my utter shock, I'm not getting entirely sensible replies to that last tweet Reply to this tweet with a photo of your Christmas tree CNN -Flynn pleads guilty NBC - Flynn pleads guilty Fox News - look how big this squirrel is Right no more tweet requests, I only earn $1million a day from Twitter I'm not some kind of sexy puppet Ok Sarah, as you wish. Why did the Night light go to a brothel? To get turned on (but at night time) Ok ok here goes. Why did the lamp go to a brothel? To get turned on!! Thank you thank you I am a very sad lonely The fuck is that lamp tweet even. I'm going to sleep bye Lamp 1 - damn, your new bulb looks cheap as hell Lamp 2 - well, if that ain't some serious. lamp shade Lamp 3 - hello James Bond: Sex Cop Judge - and so Fred gave you your name solely for the purpose of this tweet because he thought it was funny? Lanc I fixed Home Alone 2 Facebook - video will continue after ad Me - then I shall bid thee farewell good sir Idk, I just feel America is less great. Like, significantly less great If you haven't been checking out Lil Alex Jones, you really should Long shot but I'll be at the Every Time I Die gig in Manchester tonight. If anyone else is going come and say hi! Before John Legend was born he was called John Prophecy Colleague - hoo boy, how quick did the weekend go? Me [after thinking real hard for 6 minutes] 48 hours bitch Date - so.you gonna be doing that all night? Me [abruptly stops playing tuba] doing what Remember when Melania Trump was an imposter for like two days My Lego Christmas village looking festive af Turns out the Time Magazine person of the year was in our hearts all along Time Magazine person of the year is..friendship It's always occurred to me that this elf in Polar Express is about 5 inches from the most gruesome death in cinemat The Babadook is a Christmas movie Birds are essentially just flying cats thanksgiving was completely ruined by my antifa uncle Black Friday is just a way for corporations to sell more Fridays Q. What do bears drink at Christmas? A. If you answered Mauled wine then you would be incorrect. The correct answer is water. Yo mama so small she calls Stuart Little Stuart Quite Big It's incredible that Obama can troll Trump simply by being a pleasant human being im thankful for ass my grandpa hid the fact he was a fridge magnet his whole life. we only figured it out when he died and stopped sticking to the fridge i swear, if this priest says the refreshing taste of Coke Zero once more during this funeral im leaving to buy some refreshing Coke Zero [to date while watching Disney Pixar's Up] This is the part where he goes up [after net neutrality] You sir, have won 8% of the internet Siri, show me the definition of natural selection Happy birthday to my sister from another mister, Personally I wish he would Roy Less its General Grievous not Adam-and-Steveous Jingle All The Way sucks so much ass that it is actually good [goes on shark tank & pretends to have invented shampoo] Hey liberals, try and ban these guns [i try to flex but am not strong enough to lift my arms all the way] Shrek 2 is the best Pixar movie Open my DMs I said. How weird could it be, I said Batman - what say we make this Justice league a. just us league Aquaman - tee hee hee, why i do declare I wish movie theaters would crack down on guys playing the tuba. Went to see Justice league today and there were at More like Charles Mansoff I can't stress enough how much everybody should read this thread Imagine your name was straight up Gary Jack Sparrow got eaten by this at the end of the second Pirates movie It was the best of times, it was the D.C cinematic universe of times TOWERING GRANDMA OF DEATH About a month ago my parents had a fake fireplace fitted, but their cat still hasn't realized it generates literall The best breed of dog is cat School bully - hey, four eyes!! Giant spider - ah that's so nice of you to say. I actually have far more than th Say what you will about Trump, but there have been precisely zero elephant-related deaths in the US today. The point-misser has logged on RT if you can be alone with a woman without sexually assaulting them Before Ringo Starr dies, he will spend thousands of years as Ringo White Dwarff Obama - my least favorite vegetable? Probably cabbage Trump - I.I fuckin love cabbage so much. Lemme tell ya f If they showed Stranger Things episode 7 in Guantanamo Bay there would never be another terror attack This is probably my favorite headline of al time sir do u know how fast u were going? Officer I. and do u know how furious u were going? um. and do u k More like Shake Blelton Fucking hell, it must be REALLY bad at Pieface I just put my Christmas tree up..my ass It really bugs me that he called a news network loser singular. He attempted a kindergarten level insult and stil The most dangerous thing in the world is a gun that fires Kinder Eggs General public - So lemme get this straight, guns are legal in the US but Kinder Eggs aren't? Republicans - I gu Been a while since I wrote anything beyond 140 (280) characters, but I'm back on my bullshit Hm not sure about this It's never mentioned in the movies but Freddy Krueger had a brother called Gary GoGurt In fact, just follow imo the most interesting person on Twitter If you're having a shit day, the replies to this tweet are lovely (all 2,000 of them) Idea: an advent calendar, but it's just 25 glory holes The opposite of Tom Hardy is Jerry Softy RTs pls I thought she died in the upside-down? GOP stands for Generally OK with Pedophiles Me - this is sushi.this is sushi...this is also sushi Psychiatrist - ok that concludes the raw shark test When life gives you lemons, grab it by the fucking neck and tell it to explain why it brought Nazis back The best thing about beer is the crisp refreshing taste of beer I know this is a controversial opinion, but I think child molestation is bad Dentist - do you floss? Me - yeah, sure I do lmao Dentist - why did you say those letters? [gets murdered] Fuck sake 2015 - not all men 2017 - ok actually it is Reports from Louis C.K's rehab facility say he's gone 24 hours without jacking off at people and is now cured Is it me or do Trump's hands looks smaller than usual in this pic? A few weeks ago I bought a can of Monster and a plastic Halloween scythe. Found the receipt today and it makes me s [first day as science teacher] Worms are a type of bird [gazes out of window, puffing on pipe] Cars are a type of cow Louis C(areer) K(illed) Double denim - denim jeans and jacket Triple denim - double denim + little denim hat Quadruple denim - all of the a [first day as air traffic controller] Hey! no crashin\\ into each other up there ya hear me? The new character limit circle is for quality control. The fuller the circle, the worse the tweet Cats are female dogs Write your deepest secrets at the end of a 280 character tweet, cuz ain't nobody reading that shit p pi pis piss piss piss piss piss piss piss piss piss piss piss piss piss piss piss piss piss piss piss piss piss p James Ass Papa John- Just lately there's been a lot of negative press about me [catches swastika from offscreen] ok this was supposed to be a pizza WHO DID THIS?? [a guy kicks me square in the mons pubis] Argh my mons pubis Saying Grace is fucking stupid. God hasn't stopped a single mass shooting but has time to bless a casserole for some reason yeah ok then Thoughts and prayers can suck my dick The reason all women want to fuck the Michelin Man is because his dick is naturally ribbed On Thanksgiving Trump will select a single turkey, take away its health insurance then grab it by the pussy [Jared Leto watching Stranger Things] more like normal things With every pizza, Papa John's will now throw in a racial slur Fellas, never skip pube day. Women love guys with thick, rope-like pubes Saw ur boyfriend at the store Follow Friday isn't a thing anymore. But fuck it. follow friday one of the funniest people on the planet [Ronald McDonald watching cam-girl] mm yeah show me ur McTits.yeah. Ur McPussy is so large . MAN DESERVES THE DEATH PENALTY WITHOUT TRIAL 13k FAV 8k RT seen a cool bird 791k FAV 267k RT Hope everyone is having a nice Christmas RIGHT, NOW THAT HALLOWEEN IS OUT OF THE WAY IT's CHRISTMAS TIME HO HO HO BITCHES! Girlfriend - ARE YOU SERIOUSLY DOING THE MONSTER MASH WHILE WE're HAVING SEX? Me [doing what is clearly a graveyard smash] .no Stranger things scientist guy - GODDAMMIT WHY IS THIS ONE SO FREAKIN HORNY ALL THE TIME [my sleeve rolls up slightly revealing 069] Judge - how does the defendant plead to the charge of sexual harassment with a minor? Kevin Spacey [lips right on mic] gay your honor Can't believe Paul Manafort spent $62,000 on rollerblades Kendrick Lamar did every single voice in Shrek 2 This is in my photoshop folder from last year and I have no idea why I made it Date - I prefer guys without pubic hair to be honest Me [puts down huge bucket of pubic hair] aww I bet Edward Scissorhands dick was super fucked up What's your favorite Roger Stone memory? Mine is when Twitter suspended him shortly before his arrest Somewhere Roger Stone is furiously trying to get out of a chair to type an angry email If Bill Gates had taken things in a slightly different direction That last RT is one of my favorite tweets that I've ever done. From a time when I was still funny. Enjoy Holy crap Ragnarok is so good That probably is my worst tweet. It is halloween though Honey, wake up. I think somebody is in the house [voice from downstairs] OOH WA-AH-AH-AH Phew. It sounds like they got Disturbed Some big news stories breaking The most addictive drug is friendship. Also heroin On your first day in prison, dissolve the most soluble inmate Egg is a fruit The best video game of all time is Microsoft Word This Lego set is badass Donald Turnip [God creating Bill O'reilly] Let's throw this bowl of dog shit at a ceiling fan and see what happens Drafts folder looking a bit bare The best pizza topping is egg Porridge is a type of soup For someone who plays golf 3 times a week, Donald Trump is thicc af lol 7 days without molesting anyone. What an inspiration Star Wars: James Bond Liverpool using the unorthodox 0-4-2 formation #TOTLIV They should link together to form one huge president Wife - he thinks he's a YouTuber Marriage counselor - I see Me - hey guys, make sure to sound off in the comments [50 years from now] President Hitler - I will be allowing the fake Melania files to be opened [Mike Pence trying a Nintendo Wii for the first time] Mother, MOTHER!! I do declare I am playing tennis [on a date with a dentist] I fucken.I FUCKEN LOVE TEETH SO DAMN MUCH [clenches fist] TOOTHPASTE IS THE SHIT never judge a book by its cover. For example, the squirrel on the right is insanely racist Idea: cum zoo. It's a zoo, but instead of animals it's just a jar of cum on a chair cuck is short for cuckoo clock Blackjack dealer - sir, are you sure you know how to play? Me - yes. Jack me I'm beginning to think our snarky Trump tweets aren't working [arrives 30 mins late to meeting] sorry Im late. I was respecting the troops It's macaroni and cheese, not macaroni and Steve When she doesn't like the word cum Full body crocs Remember 10 days ago when Trump threw paper towels at flood victims Babe Ruth had a younger brother called Babe Ruth: Pig in the city The pig in Babe couldn't actually talk, they used special effects I have 2020 vision. My eyesight is terrible but I can see precisely 3 years into the future I always find it really interesting that every US President has a personal pen for signing things into law Yes today is Friday 13th, but tomorrow will be Friday 14th I was messing around with Kim Jong-Un in Photoshop and it got increasingly terrifying Peppa Pig: Special victims unit Libraries are like Pornhub, but for books It's been 5 months since Mike Pence fucked a horse The names Band. Dave Matthews Band Siri, what is the opposite of porn Imagine if you will.a haunted ass For the 5th year in a row, my Halloween costume is sexy HDMI cable boo! haha sorry if I scared u. Just a little Halloween prank Henry Kissinger but Henry don't Tellinger As a reward, Trump has installed a doggie door in the White House so Pence can come and go as he pleases Bazinga! - Rick & Morpy Christopher Cunnilingus Olives are great for people who love everything about grapes except that they taste nice Me at Coachella in 2013, 2014, 2015 & 2016 Pence - mother, may I have pudding? Well have you finished your potatoes? Im afraid I have not Pence - I left Monday Night Raw because John Cena was brutally attacked with a steel chair while the referee was k Ghostbusters (1984) - supernatural family comedy. Also Dan Aykroyd gets sucked off by a ghost Millennials are teens that are 1,000 years old WARNING: Do not put this on your salad. It tastes like shit Seems a bit extreme Kim Jong-Kardashian I have an inflatable bible that I can read in the pool [trying to play it cool in a bar] I enjoy refreshment When you're a teen you think girls enjoy 3-4 chicken nuggets in their pussy but as an adult you know that one will suffice im at the beach re: gun control - if every character in Moana had a magical fish hook it would be fucking chaos Ok I'll bite, what is sex ISIS have claimed responsibility for Piers Morgan [spills coffee all over guy on the bus] ARGGh IT BURNS! my thoughts and prayers are with you ah. It doesn't hurt now. Thanks man There was a white male on the train today so I got off. Can't be too careful nowadays He'll have tattoos that say BOOBS and SEX If everybody owned a tank, fewer people would be blown up by tanks Lone wolf sounds too cool. It should be lone platypus The most offensive thing in the world to a republican is a person kneeling while not murdering 50 people Shrek 2 is the greatest Disney movie of all time - CONFIRMED The untapped potential of human ass President Lincoln - Ended Slavery President Roosevelt - passed the social security act President Trump - vaguely knows what an island is no not my Lego. Ladies and Gentlemen, I present to you the most devastating own on the internet Nobody will ever fuck anything up as much as Trump has fucked up with Puerto Rico Which is the best Disney movie of all time? In the olden days boobs had mustaches Fucking hell. is going IN on Trump today and I am here for it I wonder how many olden days criminals accidentally called their executioner mom Gym instructor - .and this is the weights section Me - ok but where do I go to cry Danny DeVito is Norwegian for Danny The Vito It'd be pretty funny if everybody got 280 characters except Trump My biggest weakness is dynamite My character limit has been reduced to forty nine RIP Hugh Hefner, the inventor of boobs From the makers of tweets: Big Tweets Old Sheldon Sheldon Young Sheldon Baby Sheldon Fetus Sheldon Cum Sheldon I always drive with the sunroof open so if the national anthem comes on the radio I can stand up Disrespectin the flag with the boys You've heard of Elf on the Shelf. Now get ready for the nuclear apocalypse Trump keeps the nuclear launch codes in a Hotmail folder Lots of politics happening lately Nothin better after a hard day at work than grabbing an ice cold flag from the fridge and disrespecting the hell out of it St Peter - so the end of the world happened because what? Me - a football man didn't stand up fully [family huddled together in bomb shelter] Did the president deal with the football players yet laughing is fun Life sure is good since the swamp got drained [winning Super-Bowl player gets passed a phone] It's the president, he's sent you a string of racist tweets List of celebs who have visited Trump at the White House 1. Kid Rock 2.Ted Nugent 3. N/A Good luck to doing his first marathon tomorrow in Berlin. If a few of you could send him some love that'd be fabulous If I could only listen to one album for the rest of my life it would be nima by Tool Batman's real name is John Batman Ha. That's badass. Y'all should follow Incredible illustrator Cheers - John McCain for voting against Obamacare repeal Jeers - Ted Cruz for jacking off on 9/11 Taylor Swift - I.don't.like your little games Me [putting travel chess back into my bag] aww It is with deep regret that I must announce Piers Morgan is having bad opinions again All 5 of the Backstreet Boys were called Ian Only 5 weeks until Christmas! Genuine Brexit question: When we rejoin the EU will it be called Brentrance or Brentry? [At McDonalds] ugh pickles. I hate pickles [Family of pickles on next table] Just ignore them kids If the clown has been inside a drain, why is his makeup still perfect? Guy next to me at Starbucks - what Some of my favorite movie quotes [god creating giraffes] how about a slightly bigger horse...WHOAh [slips and sets neck length to 99] Wanna feel old? This is what chicken nuggets look like now He's got a driving ban, He's probably fucked your nan, Wayne Rooney I am in love Can't believe it's 2017 and there are still people called Gary What's got 3 thumbs and just got back from my cosmetic surgeon Can't believe it's Monday already Saw ur mom today Date - so.Im guessing you want to skip straight to dessert? Cookie Monster - yes The world is shit & everything is awful but I saw a really nice rainbow today so. Hey look, a political podcast written by me, AND Check it I held the iPhone X up to my ass & it logged into your boyfriend's Facebook I firmly believe a Terminator will be sent back to destroy the iPhone X Ted Cruz jacked off on 9/11 #AppleEvent What if Ted Cruz can only get horny on 9/11 Butler - would sir like to indulge In a sexual post? Ted Cruz - oh I mustn't, but then again it is the anniversary of 9/11. Ted Cruz walks into a bar, bar man says hey buddy why are you jacking your dick on the anniversary of 9/11 Why did Ted Cruz cross the road? To jack his dick on the anniversary of 9/11 Pennywise - I represent your deepest fear [turns into Ted Cruz jacking off on 9/11] I bet jacking off feels extra naughty when you're pro-life Hi Im Ted Cruz, welcome to Jackass [cranks one off on 9/11] This is it. This is his best tweet Idea: a sniper rifle that fires chicken nuggets into my mouth from a great distance [Ian Miles Cheong runs straight into the first Goomba in Super Mario Bros, turns to the camera and smiles] Racism is ok if you're playing Mariokart Im HAVING SEX!! - me 86 times during sex Spider-Man - bitten by radioactive spider Batman - bitten by radioactive bat Super man - bitten by radioactive bowl of soup Trump - I don't believe in climate change [hurricanes batter the US] Trump [thinking] - I don't believe in nude photos of Ivanka you shouldn't try to shoot Hurricane Irma because its weak spot is very small. To beat it you need the storm gloves from Wizard city I can't believe this website is free I went to the zoo today and I'm fairly certain this orangutan wanted to murder me There were precisely zero Hurricane Irma's under Barrack Obama Can't decide whether this sounds like the worst or best movie of all time Kickboxing isn't real Re: my last RT, I'm working on something with and we're very excited to show it to you! Watch this space Expectation vs reality [voice voice] voice Saw your mom & her friends at the club p Darkest things known to man: - the color black - a starless sky - Death - Taylor Swift's new album available November 10th [young couple on a date] it's really dark tonight It sure is babe [Taylor Swift emerges from bushes] did someone say dark? Sessions - daddy can I do a racism? Trump - if you tidy your room you can do a BIG racism [sessions sprints upstairs] [New, dark Taylor Swift at the movies] one ticket to Stephen King's It please, which is a comedy to me by the way Come to think of it, I've never seen Taylor Swift and the Babadook in the same room [sees Mark Wahlberg frozen for the purpose of this tweet] Me - More like Mark Iceberg Mark Iceberg - hahaha im dead Good cop - come on now guys, drugs are bad for you Stilts cop - knock it off down there Royal Baby 2 royal 2 baby Royal baby: Tokyo drift Your pornstar name is Gerald Anti-fascists are the real fascists. Fascists are actually anti-fascists, who in turn are fascists New Taylor Swift songs: - piece of shit bitch ass motherfucker - fucking big ass Satan titties - Death is cool to me, actually - piss fuck If a tree falls in the forest and nobody is around, why am I so sad bobo What's your favorite sexual position? Mine is not having sex and reading a bible Gonna lose followers for that one What idiot called it pussy juice and not hole milk? Fuck sake. Just got home from my job at the racism factory and some antifa punks have shaved my large sons Some antifa hoodlums held me by my ankles and shook out all my racism money :( Me [does a crime] Cop ugh, I hate when ppl do that Don't even talk to me until I've eaten a stapler This photo just popped up on Facebook. In 2010 i took my Tottenham shirts to Kenya, & it took over a week to find a Hey here's an idea. Let's all buy the new Lego Millenium Falcon except I'll build it and keep it at my house? Looks like I'm going to have to sell a kidney. I just had chest pains whilst watching The Phantom Menace & my first thought was that I don't want the last thing I see to be Jar-Jar Binks Homeless guy - hey buddy, I'll suck ur dick for some lasagna Me - G.Garfield? It'd be cool if Trump built the wall, completely unaware that the Mexican Night king just acquired a dragon Found out about boobs today. Pretty cool, check em out Me - butts lol - 6 RT 17 FAV Quote tweet from guy wearing baseball cap with 12 followers - OMG WHO DID THIS?? - 49,973 RT 220,456 FAV It pains me to say this, but I have severely chapped lips Trump [seeing the floods for the first time] my god.so much.splashy badness Huh, who knew? 5 years of terrible tweets. Thank you all for your continued abuse Fred Durst looks like shit Wife - I can't do this anymore. It's either me or ur dinosaur themed hip-hop group Me - well then Im afraid I choose the VelociRapStars In the end, the real winner was friendship If Hitler was still alive today I'd be like hey fuck you buddy Hearing reports that Conor McGregor is injured and has been replaced by John Cena Girl at grocery store - hey, what's your name? Me [panics] uh. RT if you think Mayweather and McGregor should team up and fight Hurricane Harvey instead Call of Duty: War on Christmas RT if you love ass Fav if you hate genocide Like Trump, I have also released a huge shit today Arachnophobia means you're racist against spiders. I will not be taking questions at this time. How to imagine two dogs: 1. Imagine a dog 2. Double it You're welcome Gotta check those path and doings Millennials are killing the CLUBES industry CLUBES OR SPLORK?? Wise man [deep in thought] ass Me [Nodding slowly] yes, yes.ass Hahahaha this is incredible There was a guy in ASDA handing out free samples of bread, which is great because I'd never heard of bread before Doctor - lemme guess. the lobster thing again? Me - [hundreds of tiny lobsters pouring from my nose] yes I genuinely believe Trump hasn't fucked since taking office. Every morning he jacks off his orange dick in the world's nicest shower. Mortgage advisor - is that your real name? Mr Piss & Shit - it sure is SNES stands for Stupid Nerds Suck Ass Behind every great man is me, desperately trying to sell hotdogs to great men Trump only had one thing to do today. One thing to not fuck up. All he had to do was not look directly at the sun. Your mom just walked past the sun I want to fuck the eclipse daddy, the sun has disappeared!! [Neil Degrasse Tyson arrives on a Segway] listen here you little shit Oh you've read the Game of Thrones books? Fascinating. I'll be right back [moonwalks into oncoming traffic] [stares at the eclipse] Eclipse - I have a boyfriend [eats 4 Happy Meals] Nope, still sad Animal fact: Cows can have up to four legs If I was Trump and magazines were printing covers like this I'd be thinking maybe, just maybe. I suck ass Steve Bannon just joined Linkedin hearing reports that the boss baby has died Funny Steve Bannon tweet I feel like this sums up my life perfectly [wakes from 20 year coma] more like Boys 3 Men That last RT made me burst out laughing on the train On the tube with a hangover and a guy gets on playing the saxophone. A fucking saxophone. fml ugh the cicadas are so noisy this time of year [cicada voice from outside] yo Jerome where my money bitch Someday people will tell their children how their great great grandfather fought the nazis in full clown makeup sad to see the history and culture of our great country being ripped apart with the removal of our beautiful statue [extremely nazi voice] my statues! All the removed confederate statues should be made into a racist ass human centipede and displayed in Times Square I just Googled 'spongebos dick on the train and realized the guy next to me can see my screen Where is Spongebos dick? Is Spongebos dick on his front section, or on the downward facing part? Trump 2015 - the boys are back in town baby Trump 2017 - I have deported all of the boys What's ur favorite song about being welcomed to a jungle? [guy stabs me in the stomach and steals my wallet] It's ok...violence on.both s. I know this is controversial but I don't really care for Nazis. In fact I'd go as far as to say I think they're bad aquarium guide - please don't tap on the glass, it frightens them [fish in leather jacket swims by] Maurice ain't afraid of nobody's shit Beauty and the Beast 2 Beauty 2 Beast Beauty and the Beast:Tokyo Drift When I decided to do the Bruce Willis thread I had no idea just how many of these things I did. What the fuck is wrong with me Game of Thrones season 2: lets walk through a forest for 10 episodes GoT season 7: I need to go to Kings Landing ok Im back Oh sweetie no Cersei - w.what is that? Jon Snow - I tried to tell you Wanna feel old? This is the bell from Saved by the bell [goes back in time] In 2017 The White House is full of nazis What? Why doesn't the president do anything? Ok so here's the thing. Date - do u know what trees are? Me [visibly panicked] yes Tfw fucking Star Wars puts out a better statement than the President of the United States Enjoying a delicious hotdog Re: Trump not tweeting today. Imagine being so sad and lonely that you don't want to offend nazis cuz they're the only people that like you economic anxiety lol Idea: Happy meals for adults. Exactly the same but crammed full of dildos and cigarettes [guy who invented pizza] What about a delicious circle New Tinder bio Look at this good-ass tweet I spent 4 minutes making Age 10 - nuclear war sounds scary! Age 20 - good job nuclear war is pretty unlikely Age 30 - i hope I survive Age 40 - n/a The last tweet will probably be some dude mansplaining the apocalypse Me - hey look it's Kim Jong-Un [soldier turns around while I stuff my pockets with nukes] Kim Jong-Un - just gonna leave these nukes cooling in this window. Sure hope no Navy Seals are nearby tee hee hee Trump - let the deals president sort this out [20 mins later] Ok bad news, we have no nukes now. Good news is I have magic beans Me - hotdogs are a sandwich hahaha NGT - If this really is World War 3, I hope most of you don't die So tell us a little about yourself I suck ass m hmm? and I want too die lmao Ok, and why do you want to work for Baskin Robbins? I am the master of my own ass The 3 dragons in Game of Thrones are called Stephen, Greg & Spicy Colin What if in the last episode of Game of Thrones, Little Finger takes off his gloves and BOOM regular sized fingers Genie - are you absolutely sure? Me - yes [my wife gets slightly curvier for a third time] Remember when Paul Ryan dabbed then tried to commit genocide Moana is better than The Shawshank Redemption #ConfessYourUnpopularOpinions Celery is a tasty ass vegetable In 2017 every quote tweet has minimum 100k likes YArR, I LOVE ME SCURVY WIFE Wife - Im leaving you. Me - noo. Wife - .a hotdog in my will Me - .oyeeahh There's a kid in my 5 year-old's swimming class called Ian. I think about this a lot. *record scratch* Yep, That's me. You're probably wondering why I stole a pie that was cooling in a window Cam - beep boop bzzt Gloria - bzzztt boo brapp Phil - beep beep bzrrt - Modem family poo This is my new favorite beer Me - A grand jury is like a regular jury, but there's 1,000 of them. Very big courtroom needed for grand jury Starbucks employee - ok Stephen Miller is 31 years old. That's it. That's the entire joke. 31 years old. It's 10:30pm and I'm talking to the Pringles Twitter account. Sums up my life perfectly The Golden Gate Bridge is neither golden, nor a bridge. It is a large raccoon called Stephen that lets cars drive on its back The first guy to ever take a crap must have been like excuse me family, It appears there is some sort of eel in my hole of mysteries True Story: Lego followed me a few months ago and unfollowed me 2 days later, presumably when they saw my other tweets :( Follow your dreams Ron Howard voice - it did Hey can I be the next communications director? I have tomorrow off work Anthony Scaramucci never even got to unpack. His office is just a desk with a box of Sopranos DVDs on it Recap of Anthony Scaramucci's time at the White House The best rapper is Philip the rapper Fuck the Emoji movie when's the dick pic movie coming out I'll update that Bruce Willis thread gradually. Eventually I'll have them all in there but god damn I wrote a lot of them over the years ha Been building Lego again There's adorable, then there's Lego baby adorable I'll update the thread once every day or so. There are literally hundreds Here it is. The complete Bruce Willis collection: Thinking about re-doing all my old Bruce Willis tweets in a giant thread. Just realized I won't live to see the iPhone 69 and now I'm crying Earlier I was thinking about fruit that also freshened your breath, but it was just a fig mint of my imagination The rudest part on a male body is the pengis, whereas women have 2 - bobes & vergumba Dunkirk is the past-tense name. At the time they called it Doingkirk I've got a Trump-supporting brony in my mentions rn in case anyone wonders how my day is going Remember when President Trump achieved literally anything? No, me neither Bad news gang. One of the pistons has blown in my 42 inch steampunk dildo It's pretty bad when sucks own dick is more shocking than white supremacist [steve bannon wakes in the middle of the night with a dick in his mouth] OH GOD WHAT?? OH MY. oh wait. No, it's ok. Just my dick. Oh boy When I left school I never thought I'd use geometry again, but here I am disproving Steve Bannon can suck his own dick Trump - Steve, have you seen what they're saying about you? Bannon - grmphh slurp hmphh? Just got back from jizz training. My coach can't believe how far I've come Ladies and Gentlemen, this is your pilot speaking. Im still at the airport. I haven't a clue how the fucking plane took off lmao Cop - sir do u know why I pulled you over? Spoon - b.because Im a spoon Cop - that's right you food scoopin\\ son of a bitch Just seen a shark with a human tooth necklace In my house we don't worship government, we worship a cat called Gary Major Justice League spoiler If you didn't know what Jared Kushner looked like & only heard his voice, the person you would see in your head is [god creating beetles] How about a spider but it's a fat piece of shit It's amazing that all the news for the past 6 months has been entirely fabricated and nobody has noticed except the US president. Incredible Side boob and under boob are just a teaser for the main event - front boo Billy Corgan - The world is a vampire Crowd - wo Neil DeGrasse Tyson [loudly from back] no it isn't Me - A zebra's penis is called a zenis Priest - ok but could you please get off the coffin. Also no it isn't Cashier - have a nice day Me - you're not the boss of me [jacks off into the toilet] fuck the police [Trump trying to eat a hotdog without committing treason] Easy does it.easy does.WHOah [slips & commits treason 63 times] I bought a mini iPhone speaker today and realized it looks like Mr Simpson, what will you do if granted parole? OJ - I will focus on not murdering people . Parole granted Literally everybody at my school owned Hybrid theory. Linkin Park were very much the soundtrack of my teenage years and I'm very sad rn :( It is with great excitement that I must announce, Lego is happening tonight Same Next time you're feeling down, remind yourself that no matter who you are, you've achieved more in 2017 than the US *HOT AIR BALLOON COPS* Daniels - chief he's getting away Benson - dammit, his sportscar is far, far superior to our hot air balloons 16th July - women can finally own a TARDIS 17th July - Good cop - where'd you hide the body Autotune cop - this is the reMix [wakes from 15-year coma] Dido is the shit 2013 - all 12 Doctors team up & send Gallifrey to a different dimension nerds makes sense 2017 - the Doctor is a woman now nerds wait Hey crying Doctor Who man-babies, guess what? Babe 3 just got announced and the talking pig? It's a raccoon now The only bad thing about a female Doctor is that it took 54 years to happen Doctor Who Doctor Wh Doctor W Doctor Docto Doct Doc Do D A An An P An Po An Poo Better jump on this Doctor Who stuff I suppose for some FAVs. How about. the New Doctor is just a plate of salad called Ron Infinity War spoilers: - Iron Man buys a lamp - Dr Strange has severe nut allergy - Thanos is played by Kenan and Kel glued together Now bear with me on this one but. what if there was a haunted ass When the Trump pee tape finally comes out I can't wait to see all the Smashmouth mash-ups Spiders have 8 legs, 16 eyes, 12 asses and 48 dicks Me - did Benjamin Button's pubes fall out or grow back inside his body? Doctor - no I meant what seems to be the problem with you The reason they're not announcing the New Doctor Who until after the Wimbledon final on Sunday is because that's the prize Waluigi Interesting fact, the giant M on top of McDonalds stands for McDonalds Sir are you aware there's a lobster in your car? [I force a smile as the lobster presses a gun into the back of my seat] y.yes officer Just putting the finishing touches to my ice bucket challenge video Wile E Coyote writhing around in pain because his girlfriend's vagina is just painted on If The Rock runs for president he can only be defeated if his opponent is made out of paper If the Rock becomes president it will only be good if he's officially called President The Rock Trump Jr - your honor. Would a guilty man do this?? [presents several pages of incriminating evidence] Judge - ok what the fuck Trump Jr - hi dad Trump - greetings high-quality person. I am the human president of earth I woulda gotten away with it too if it wasn't for you meddlin\\ kids Is it me or did it just get more impeachment-y in here? Same HEY YOU! YES YOU! ARE YOU A CUNT? Twitter 2017 viral tweet Slugs are just millennial snails Kids, you know how you always wanted a dog? OMG YES? well. [pulls out Space Jam DVD] .this has a talking rabbit. You're welcome Remember when Mike Pence fucked a horse They reboot the new Spider-Man halfway through the movie, so whether you'll like it or not depends on whether you like Guy Fieri I just fucked up a backflip. Only did half of it and now I'm standing on the ceiling. Can't go outside cuz I'll fall into the sky this is mine, it spins real good Cop - do you know why I pulled you over? 43 clowns - yes officer I would watch a porn category that is just fully clothed people gliding scissors through wrapping paper Get in idiot we're gonna do war crimes At some point during his presidency, Donald Trump will walk into a screen door and it will be the best day of my life The follow-up to 13 Reasons Why looks terrible Me - Hey look, a flying ant [ant in a tiny pilot uniform] haha yeah I get that a lot Me - what's that? Aquarium guide who pronounces \\I\\ as \\O\\ - a bog fosh Donald Trump's fingers uh-oh. Bad news for Trump The BBC tried their hardest to make the Trump story sound not hilarious, but they failed Trump announces new head of media affairs This is no different to when Obama tweeted a GIF from when he threw Mankind off the top of Hell in a cell Betty White is Fetty Wap's mom, and her real name is Betty Wap Trump - i did a pinned tweet today honey Melania - mm hmm? Trump - it my bestest tweet ever Melania - please don't touch me Schrdinger's idiot Worst superhero ever Baby Driver is terrible. Can't even reach the pedals, just a newborn rolling around on the seat for 2 hours. 3/10 Harry Potter and the fellowship of the Paul Blart: Mall Cop If you play the new Jay-Z album backwards it's actually Allstar by Smashmouth I bet Obama did good, solid turds, whereas Trump has to hold on to the seat while he splatters the toilet into oblivion Who remembers this from the 90's - boos My uber driver is just a carrot on the seat. Car isn't moving [Dave Grohl voice] towel [says grace before eating pussy] [rolls over after sex] Man I hope I was good [opens twitter] JOHN OLIVER RIPS INTO THAT BAD SEX YOU JUST DID The best Slayer song is Hip hip hooray for rock n roll from their classic album having fun with my friends he's dead Jeff Sessions is Jeff Tutorials dad I have an ass Imagine being the forensic detective assigned to a Hamburglar case, like hey there's some beef on this bookcase boobs that are also an ass [sees a shark swimming towards me] hm, looks like a Greg Shark - haha no way! Greg Sharkson nice to meet you imagine if Donald Trump suddenly became a lobster. Just snapping about trying to pass legislation but he can't cuz he just a lobster now It appears my last tweet (now deleted) had been done before. Sorry for not checking every tweet ever made My favorite sexual position is running face-first into a tree Spiders can pet 8 tiny dogs at the same time The best feeling in the world is when a girl throws a can of paint at my head and it kills me [gets RT'd by Bubba Sparx] For interviews please contact my publicist [gets RT'd once] that's an strange looking dog u have there Me [picks up millipede] don't listen to her Cecil, you're a good boy [walks away like a crab] Dad, that cloud looks like a dog Haha it sure does,& that one looks like your mother & I growing apart, which brings me to my next point Lobsters are just long crabs [when I receive a fav] hot diggity damn, it's lobster tonight! Sometimes I like to relax with an ice cold bear [arrives at orgy with dildo battery at 14%] hey, does anyone have a charger for an Ass Blaster 3000? The meaning of bae depends on context: On safari - Big Ass Elephant In a cafe - Bacon And Egg Everyday conversation - im an idiot [sees milkshake duck] hmm? [it's riding a boatercycle] omg [it gets off and starts breakdancing] HOLY SHIUT *swipes left* *swipes left* *swipes left* . Ok I have no idea how to wipe my ass I am Trump's large tennis ass [gender reveal cake is cut open & it's blue. Everyone cheers] Me - mom Im 31 this is ridiculous Thinking about purchasing a second penis I will never respect Foo Fighters. My brother was a Foo. RIP Bertram I like big MUTTS & I cannot lie all u dog owners can't deny When a girl walks in w/ a poodle or a pug, im like yo what the fuck U get sprung I made a friendly psychedelic octopus out of Trump's big tennis ass *record scratch* yep, that's me. You're probably wondering how i ended up in this situation [feels a tiny, tiny amount of happiness for 0.1 seconds] . [franticaly dials 911] son, im afraid.im afraid dogs don't exist anymore Even Jasper? Especially Jasper Oh god.Jasper Who is Jasper son? What is dog *a pug smashes through the window & sticks to my face* No Sharon, I do not regret having my skull replaced with dog magnets. This is awesome Been buying Lego again Cat people - cats are easier to look after Dog people - dogs are loyal Fire Ant people - my skin is burning. Where are my children Me - dude have you put on weight? SpongeBob Trapezium Pants - fuck you [Dog talking to his psychiatrist] Honestly? I don't even know who's a good boy anymore [animorphs into a brick] [A bunch of robbers burst into a bank] THIS IS A STICK UP Dog cashier - did someone say stick lol Robber - is that dog wearing a suit Ok ok, hear me out. A croc for your dick When I was little someone spray painted Tom is fat belly on a wall near our school and everyone thought it was the most brutal diss ever [Borat voice] nice! Me - god damn it is hot today A wasp called Stephen - hello [sees a lobster i went to school with] oh shit it's Gerald Lobstero Gerald Lobstero - hello good sir Me - hello Gerald Lobstero Doctor - laughter is the best medicine Me - ok [later that day] Friend - I have 3 days to live Me - lmao Imagine working your whole life just to be killed by a 71-year old Donald Trump Dawn French Followed me today and the first thing I tweeted was my ass . I am so sorry Dawn Bruce Banner to run anger management course my ass The last follow Friday occurred on 21st August 2015 and nobody has followed anybody since Life hack - top your pizza with several smaller pizzas *SEX* Now that I've got your attention, please tell me what sex is Me - my momma didn't raise no fool [80's style montage of my mom in fact raising a colossal idiot fool] Just realized zombies can't get boners [Attempts a slam dunk but just slowly floats into space] Spoiler: the Baby Driver turns out to be the Boss Baby [reads Daniel Day Lewis quit acting] ah no that sucks [notices a plant pot looking more plant potty than usual] hm. Huh. Who knew? Girl- Im like, totally random Me - oh yeah? prove it Girl [thinks for a second] - Twelve Me - holy shiutt Imagine if a giraffe sat in front of you at the movies lmao, like... how did they pay to get in? Giraffes ain't got no wallets Why is there an avocado in grandma's pussy Barron - happy Father's Day daddy Trump - [slaps cupcake to the ground] outta my way shit stain Fox & Friends starts in 5 A rare glimpse into my writing process Simba - welcome to. The bone zone Nala - the what? Simba - elephant graveyard. I said elephant graveyard happy Father's Day to my dad, none other than John Cena It's weird now, to imagine a president that doesn't want to fuck his daughter Before YouTube, people had to travel to music video shoots to argue about Hitler Interesting fact: The Term joshing used to mean messing around, but thanks to it now means doing bad tweets Me - wyd Gf - watching TV in my underwear Me - why is there a TV in your underwear Doctor Who - As my new assistant, you can decide where we go first Me - boobs planet no such thing Butt world . Butt world it is omg!! fellas. Google boobs. you can thank me later [hears some bros talkin\\ bout toilets at the gym] ya my uncle works at the toilet factory [lifts 1kg] Some exciting new toilets comin up If anyone is feeling horny this weekend, my buddy Gang Bang Gary is offering half price on orgies-Use code Fred50 #Cum #butts #bobes #pernis Jeremy Corbyn then [sees a big bee] oh shit. That's a big fuckin bee Bee - ya I've been through a pretty rough breakup so. [drives away in bee car] The acronym 'smh actually means sample my ham Almost like. Russian nesting lawyers Old Twitter vs New Twitter Hey, It's me, the guy who always has the top reply to Donald Trump tweets, and I. [an owl flies into my face at 99mph & I shit my pants] Fuck my circle avi. Look like a goth Kirby Twitter - what would you like to see in the new update? Everyone - ban nazis Twitter - did someone say favs and RT's update in realtime?? Damn girl are u the new twitter update because what the fuck Your honor, the only crime my client is guilty of, is 19 horrific murders [jury mumbles while I slowly realize I fucked up & bite my fist] At school I was voted most likely to suck ass It's like my local moth tattooist always says, look buddy, there's no such thing as a moth tattooist stop bringing moths to my house is America great again yet On Trump's birthday Melania lets him hold her hand for 30 seconds and doesn't vomit until she's out of earshot When it's wheat season and you just saw the farmer leave The Jeff Sessions is the worst live album I've ever listened to Sessions - well shucks folks, it done seems the perjury was in my heart this whole time Theresa May just got destroyed by the prime minister [grows an extra ass] nice Me - If Metallica & Kermit the frog opened an Italian restaurant, they could call it Pasta of Muppets Traffic Cop - sir why are you naked Check out this new character Im working on. It's a guy from New York who hosts websites: Ay, im hostin\\ websites over here [sega HQ, mid 1990's] yes yes, we know you've got a PHD, but you kinda look like an egg Dr Robotnik - this is some bullshit [sets groceries down on table] I wonder why the guy at the store said this bread was haunted? [behind me the Babaduck appears] John McCain sitting cross-legged in front of a washing machine, clapping & cheering when he sees a particular sock vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote Today I'm going to do a big freakin vote for Labour, and it will be the proudest vote I've cast in my lifetime #GeneralElection17 life comes at you fast Donald Trump's guide to American History: Written by me Voiceover by [Barron Trump watching The Lion King in absolute horror as Mufasa falls to his death] a FEMALE super hero? Whatever next, some kind of boss baby? A haunted dildo called the Babadick How do polar bears exercise? frozen yoga. Thank you for your continued support Fred What a fucking goal that was Sorry I started a mosh pit at your dad's funeral Don't talk to me or my large sons ever again The four bases of sex, explained: 1st base - hand job 2nd base - blow job 3rd base - 'sex job 4th base - jacked off by an alien Date - are you a cat or a dog person? Me [trying way too hard to impress her] fuckin.scorpions or some shit idk Why did Donald Trump get a boner? Because he saw the climate change hahahaha we're all going to die I wrote a Donald Trump version of Rudyard Kipling's if for HuffPo and I think it's very good, if you would care Drafts folder lookin a bit bare Really disappointed with this Tory leaflet. It's far too glossy. Just smears the shit around & now I'm stuck on the [god creating cats] How about.small dogs that hate everything New album is literally out now people #Relaxer If you'd told a teenage me that we'd all be killed by a mid-card attraction from Wrestlemania 23 I'd have told you to go fuck yourself [The pope last week] - Donald, catholics generally encourage pulling out Trump - yes, yes.I think I understand, Mr The Pope Can't believe Trump said he wants to fuck the hole in the ozone layer New album tomorrow! Pleased to announce I've joined the cast of Jersey Shore season 36. I will be voicing a haunted cat called Nigel Each member of N.W.A had a specific role within the band: Dre - beats Ice Cube - lyrics Eazy-E - vocals Phil Collins - Drums Kenny G - Sax Folks, I've been preparing a covfefe joke all day, and here it is. What if covfe. [a helicopter crashes into my dick killing me 99 times] [1st day at new job] Boss - the only rule is, you can't fuck my big stapler Me - ok [12 mins later] I am so, so sorry [Trump posts good humored response to covfefe] maybe he ain't so bad [Trump quits climate change deal] ah well, being alive is overrated An octopus is just 8 eels stapled to a basketball Same Age 8 - I can achieve anything 18 - should I buy a lobster farm? 28 - if you are watching this then I have been killed by lobsters The reason it's called Wonder Woman is cuz all the men are wondering just what the hell is going on in there!! I am so, so sorry for that tweet Honey.I've lost all my money investing in Star Wars Episode 1 action figures. Im afraid. [high pitched voice] mesa Jar Jar Bankrupt This photo makes Trump look like Sonic the Hedgehog Jared Kushner has gone missing and therefore can't be interviewed by the FBI, confirms his lawyer, Jerad Keshnur milk What do Kermit The Frog and James The Bond have in common? The same freakin middle name Ok so hear me out. a fidget spinner with a dick [starts a slow clap way too fast and 30 secs later everyone is dead from exhaustion] Trump - so basically we've got this informant operating within ISIS The Pope - why are you telling me this Trump - his name is Carl But if these are here. [cut to drug dealer screaming as 200 pigeons fly out of his backpack] This has been making me laugh all day . congrats Anyway, ass. Titties, big old ass titties I know, I know, get back on the jokes etc. I will, but I just wanted to say how proud i am of my country today I implore you to watch this interview. This man puts it better than any politician or journalist ever could On a serious note, I am so proud to be British today. The way our beautiful multi-cultural society has pulled together has been incredible Obama's Yad Vashem note vs Trump's Lego unfollowed me but I'm gettin back on my shit Editor - no more ass puns or you're fired goddammit Me - Ever since Trump touched the orb his arms have been getting longer Where's the pussy on this thing? Imagine how incredible it would be if Theresa May lost an election that she called because she couldn't lose. Register to vote people THIS IS THE GREATEST DAY OF MY LIFE They only ever show Mount Rushmore from the front because the back is just 4 gigantic bare asses Julian Assange looks like if Jeremy Corbyn was campaigning to be King of the North Until he was 18, Dick Wolf was called Dick Puppy Wife - What the fuck?? are you playing with a fidget spinner while we're having sex?? [soft whirring sound abruptly stops] no Advice for Jared Kushner - on your first day in prison, punch your father-in-law in the face Jared Kushner frantically Googling caviar in prison?? Do vegans ever fall off the wagon? Like, do they occasionally find themselves in an alleyway just going to town on an egg? Would a guilty person do THIS your honor? [uses fidget spinner as helicopter and escapes though window] Judge - yes, actually Trump - right. Lets try for 1 hour without a scandal. Just 1 hour, come on Donald you can do this [takes huge sip of piss & opens Twitter] JFK's skull fragments beg to differ Melania was trying to escape Area 51 official please don't touch anything Trump - ok [5 mins later] BREAKING - THE PRESIDENT IS CURRENTLY CIRCLING IDAHO IN A JETPACK haha, yep. That's Donald for ya! -Paul Ryan 43 times every day Trump - you guys eat lunch in Russia? I've got a suitcase full of lunch codes if you're hungry Imagine your 70 year old grandpa was having daily irrational outbursts on Twitter. You'd put him in a home, not make him fucking president The most surprising thing about Trump's presidency is that somehow he's far, far more incompetent that anybody could have imagined I love The real Chad Kroeger died in 2005 Who called them toy airplanes and not runway models When I grow up I want to be like Steve Jobs. Dead Cloudy with a chance of meatballs 2 Cloudy 2 Meatballs Cloudy: Meatballs drift Austin Powers hasn't aged well #Eurovision Moldova for me #Eurovision Diane Abbott reveals the UK's points #Eurovision Australia's #Eurovision entry is all 5 members of One Direction at once Calling this ransomware thing the world's biggest hack is a great disservice to Donald Trump [Extremely Hoobastank voice] and the treason is you, and the treason is you Trump - mike, I need you to distract everyone from the Russia thing [hands Pence some sugar lumps and a 21- inch condom] Me [laughs up my sleeves] Date - what. the. fuck. What a glorious freakin day Hearing reports that the new FBI director is Tow-Mater from the Disney's Cars franchise Did your son invent a time machine and read this tweet to the dog Trump [first day in office] So, when do we get to inspect some female bodies hahaha Comey - don't be ridiculous [Trump's eyes narrow] [me, loudly at the store] Just doing some shopping for my girlfriend. Do you have any of those Dove bottles shaped like supermodels Trump's presidential library is just 3 of those waterproof books that babies read in the bath Me - ugh this beer is flat [Neil DeGrasse Tyson slowly rises up from behind the bar] That beer looks like a 3D object to me my friend I can safely say that today is the first time I've body shamed Henry Kissinger Trump announces all US states to be 1 syllable. Florida is now Flurb, Wyoming is Schloon. North & South Dakota are Glip & Glop respectively Been to the beach today James Comey? More like James. Go-ey hahaha fuck it send tweet Theresa May - I am literally in support of foxes being ripped to pieces by dogs Media - unelectable Corbyn happy to let dogs go hungry I'm in Yorkshire innit This was my nickname at high school The dinosaurs died out because they sucked ass New Last Jedi character revealed: Honey I picked up that body wash you wanted. It sure is a funny shape though haha wait why are you crying Today in white people news ok, Mr.Spider-Man? The good news is your cancer is treatable. But the spider bite thing? Pre-existing condition Im afraid. $80k minimum Today is a bad day for French hayfever sufferers, what with all the pollen stations I'm helping my dad clear out some old things and found his diary from 1978. I'm really proud :) Lmao wtf Clifford the big red dog meets Huckabee the big red son RIP Matthew Talks Early feedback on that last tweet suggests I'll likely be murdered in my sleep tonight. It's been a hell of a ride thanks guys What idiot called it Harry Potter & the deathly hallows Pt.1 and not let the dobbys hit the floor Me talking to dog person - yeah but cats are clever My cat speaking to his pals - feelin\\ good bout catchin\\ that red dot tonight fellas science fact: cats are small bears Why I'm voting Labour [watching Girl on the train with date] That's the girl on the train [doctor bursts out of giant cake] Im afraid there was nothing we could do. Hopefully the cake thing is of some comfort to you 99% of my time is currently spent accidentally swiping onto this idiot Trump saying Andrew Jackson could affect the civil war after he died isn't too crazy considering the influence Hitler has on the White House Trump - of course I know why the civil war happened [checks phone] so basically this chick called Scarlet Witch blew up a building, and... We all have that one friend who is a pile of sticks held together with string to make me feel better about not having any friends [aliens land in my back yard] Take us to your leader Me [panicking] could I interest you in watching Netflix with me until 2020? What kind of shed would sir like? David Cameron [winks at camera] Im looking for something strong.and stable Mega Chad sounds a cousin you'd make up at school to frighten bullies [at the movies] Guardians of the Galaxy 2, finally. Excited! [Neil Degrasse Tyson sits next to me & cracks knuckles] oh come the fuck on [puts wet iPhone in rice] this tastes like shit The #fyrefest sandwich just touched down at LAX Guardians 2 kicked so, so much ass #fyrefestival expectation vs reality [pulls out chair for date] Date - why did you have a chair in your jacket Wanna feel old? Of course you don't. What a stupid fucking question Man, P!ssfeed really was at the forefront of cutting edge journalism cc: Kidnapper - come with me Me - lemme get a jacket you won't need one where you're going. [kidnapper takes me on fabulous beach holiday] A gender reveal cake filled with dynamite and dildos Me - hey Guy who's been doing paleo diet for 1 day - let's suck a goats dick [sees Facebook album of blurry concert photos taken on a phone] wow its like I was there I think I'm in an episode of Arrested Development The evolution of Trump's wall Bees are just 2 wasps stuck together Police chief - I've been hearing reports that one of our cops is an undercover lobster Me -[struggling to grip coffee mug in huge pincers] Best signs at London Marathon: - If Trump can run, so can you - you're running better than the Government - Never trust a fart past mile 20 I have no idea who just sponsored me 100 but thank you so much! Thank you to everyone who sponsored me for today. I raised 1347 for which will help people affected by the Syrian conflict London Marathon done Cashier - that will be $9.95 Me - I will pay, in some form, at a later date. Perhaps I'm running the London Marathon in the morning for There's still time to sponsor me if you'd like :) ah, lemonade - me drinking lemonade This looks like a PlayStation 1 launch title Milk, milk, lemonade, around the corner a child rides a bike for the first time. A couple share a final embrace. The world explodes Doctor - you've been bitten by a spider. Ever see that movie Spider-Man? Me - no? Doctor - and Im afraid you never will. You're dying The plural of octopus is an octo posse What's the difference between Jeremy Corbyn & Beyonc? Beyonc might still be in Labour on the 9th June Who is Donald Trump's favorite rapper? Kendrick Lamar-a-Lago hahaha just kidding there are multiple reasons why Trump doesnt like rap music Daddy, is the moon made of cheese? haha sure why not [Neil DeGrasse Tyson rolls out from under bed] Your father is a fucking liar Todd Following on from my earlier tweet, here's Steve Bannon with Donald Trump's face Here's Donald Trump with Steve Bannon's face. You're welcome When u don't think a tweet through properly You have $10 to build the perfect Easter egg Made of chocolate - $20 Not filled with bees - $15 Made of shit - $5 Bees, so many bees - $5 You know who didn't steal Christmas? Hitler [Trump puts hand on Ivanka's heart during national anthem] One of my Easter eggs just called me a libtard cuck More common that you'd think. In 2009 I found an entire Archbishop of Canterbury nest behind my shed [eating an Easter Egg for breakfast in November] It's Easter somewhere Trump whenever someone mentions Russia I have been building Lego again I'm like Spiderman, if Spiderman got bitten by a radioactive idiot The Last Jedi looks incredible The MOAB killed 36 people. Thirty six. To put it into perspective, that's almost half of Trump's inauguration crowd The BBC is really bad at clickbait [North Korea fires nuke right as I'm tying my shoelaces & it goes up my ass] In what was meant to be a fun dad joke, I inadvertently made my National Trust Easter egg hunt card creepy as shit On the brink of nuclear war, but.New Kendrick Lamar album so. Trump - hey, um. did you drop the big bomb yet? Yes sir because I accidentally said Afghanistan haha. I meant the other one lmao [Sean Spicer, 3 days from now] you see, What I was trying to say was that Hitler was misunder. Sir, please order coffee or leave Sean Spicer - there is no evidence whatsoever that the Hamburglar was involved in hamburger theft Imagine if United Airlines had randomly selected the seat and John Cena was sitting in it, shirtless with his entrance music playing [gets new Kendrick album] Hell yeah. With a title like Damn this is gonna go hard [every track is about beavers] oh Hi, Im Johnny Knoxville, welcome to Jackass [flies United Airlines] Boba Fett's full name is Robert Fettuccine If Kevin McCallister boarded a United Airlines plane in Home Alone 2 the whole movie could have been avoided I can't decide whether thats the best tweet I've ever done, or the best tweet anyone has ever done. [sees the panic at the disco! guy fixing a dumpster] Hey, could you fix my small zoo afterwards? Sorry man I right bins not menageries You can follow me on Instagram if you want to see photos of Lego and the occasional selfie. Riveting stuff fred_delicious Me - Stephen King's It is actually very progressive as it doesn't assume the clown's gender McDonalds drive-thru intercom - .what Been building Lego again Wife - Im sick and tired of you misusing the French language. It's over Me - [sobbing] ooh la la [crying uncontrollably] baguette I can't be the only one who thinks The Hamburglar shouldn't be anywhere near the situation room I know I've done a good tweet when my mentions look like this I think my ankle is twisted Here's a lego set I finished last night if anyone would like to look at the lego set I finished last night ok bye Date - I've always wanted to go to Egypt Me [trying to impress her] my dad is one of the pyramids Obscure but.The Harry Styles stunt double looks like one specific Auton from a 1970 episode of Doctor Who HOLY SHIT One time I gave a Pepsi to a penguin at the zoo and it died Date - you know what, I think Im gonna go Me - [didnt hear her cuz im goin nuts on a glockenspiel] Thanks for all the birthday messages. As usual, I spent all my money on Lego :) Ok Twitter, it's my birthday. Which Lego set should I buy? Big Ben or Boba Fett's Slave I? Hey gang, it's me Mike Pence. Just checking in from brunch with a female colleague hahaha April fools im browsing carpet samples with mother Theory: Jesus was a horse [Mike Pence works up the courage to dine alone with a woman] h.hello human female. How do you do. Would you like a refreshing Pepsi cola when ur approval rating is lower than Nixon's during the Watergate hearings New Mastodon album kicks ass [Mike Pence browsing porn] ugh, two women . Ok still a woman here. Nope . ah, just 2 men. Nice Mike Pence stuck in an elevator with a woman, having a full blown panic attack & clawing at the walls like a cat [god creating hedgehogs] what if circles could stab you Date - I must admit, this is a really nice restaurant Me - . Date - why did you say sunglasses emoji? Article 50 day is finally here. Shoutout to all the leave voters who have died of old age since June *BREAKING - AMATEUR GOLFER TAKES BREAK TO GOVERN THE UNITED STATES* People often ask me what it's like to have sex in my racecar bed. 3 years in and i don't know yet, but will keep you posted Idiot [not woke] don't forget the clocks go forward tonight Me [woke] nice try asshole, clocks go forward every night. Its how they work toads are just thicc frogs honey, I think someone's in the house [i creep downstairs to find the pilsbury doughboy wrecked on cocaine & humping a cushion] HONEY, ITS THE BANK. SOMEBODY USED YOUR CARD TO BUY A HUMAN HAMSTER WHEEL?? Me [from basement, out of breath] what Hearing reports that Paul Ryan ran from the house, stepped on a roller skate & hit 2 men carrying a plate of glass across the road [overhears woman in cafe saying she needs a spork] allow me [i whip a spork out of my pocket but lose grip & it gets stuck in the ceiling] Shoutout to everyone who put a flag on their Facebook profile photo, ending terrorism once and for all Hey, can I borrow your regular sized chicken hat? Sure thing Me - have I had sex? you better believe it girlfriend hahahah Museum guide - security? Yes. He said it again. Yes. 16 times, unprompted Security advisor - Mr President, there's been an attack, hundreds feared dead Trump - sh. I think I can make the green from here [imagines dragons] this fuckin sucks ass Stafford half marathon done - 1:42:00. 5 weeks til The Daily Express have revealed that Chuck Berry died of erm. being dead Merkel - go on, try the handshake Trump - I don't wanna Merkel - go on Trump - ok fine Merkel - My grandma has been doing the mannequin challenge since October. Starting to worry this my big boy drink Even if this turns out to be nothing, the thought of Trump having panic attacks for the next 2 hours is incredibly So when ants lift huge leaves they're incredibly strong but when I do it at the gym Im ruining the plants ? Smdh [sees guy at concert taking photo on iPad] lmao look at that asshole [sees Kellyanne Conway taking photo with microwave] what the Trump - mike, Im scared my microwave is watching me Pence - that's ridiculous Microwave - I know right? [Joey Tribbiani voice] could I BE any less informed about Friends catchphrases?? Worst dildo store ever If someone says u got an ass that just won't quit it's usually a compliment. Unless a doctor says it, then it means you've got diarrhea [baby in a shopping cart points at me & laughs] what the. [waits til the mom isn't looking and mouths u ain't shit ] Can somebody let know that I've found his timeline I sympathize with the BBC guy. One time I was doing an interview with CNN when the Gangnam Style man fell through the ceiling, killing me I witnessed a horrifying zombie attack today Sean Spicer's flag badge is actually the right way up. The entire White House press room is upside down, including the camera [at airport] And did you pack your own bags sir? Yes [three ducks slowly emerge from my bag and waddle away] I mean no Pun run time On my way to London for Twitter show. If you're going say hi and I will buy you a packet of crisps When my doctor diagnosed me with squid magnet syndrome I had a lot of questi. [a squid hits me in the face at 900mph killing me instantly] [at phone store] this is the iPhone 7, it retails at $495, or could I interest you in 14 seconds of chemotherapy? Me - [drinking beer] - its 5pm somewhere Penguin - [has no perception of time] Zookeeper - whats that guy doing in the penguin enclosure Hi everyone, Tottenham fan here. Does anyone know how Arsenal went on? I ate a very big strawberry today Ah Principal Buy American and Principal Hire American, the two most racist teachers in US history Trump - where the hell is he? The meeting was due to start 40 minutes ago [cut to Ben Carson with his pants caught on a ceiling fan] I guess that explains why there was an ice cream truck parked outside of Trump Tower all year Tonight's episode is the White House Every time Roger Stone abuses a woman online, his face gets smaller This is what a dog would look like if it was a cat I'd love to be a dog cuz in dog years I'd be dead Steve Bannon looks like the Gruffalo Well folks, it's official There was an old man named Sessions, Who had to face lots of questions, for telling lies re: Russia ties So he dropped out of investigations You [not woke] what if death really is the end? What if it's just an endless dreamless sleep? Me [woke] eggs are a type of fruit The signs were there Jeff Sessions, Feb 2017- Bee Movie? Nope. Never heard of it Jeff Sessions, Nov 2016 - Barry B. Benson succ me daddy ZOOM IN ON DOG FACE WHAT IS THE CORRECT WAY TO PRONOUNCE 'sHREK [cultivates a selection of winter vegetables] hello ladies I can't figure out the correct amount of centipedes to take to a date. 15 centipedes, 400 centipedes, date freaks out regardless. FML A dog called Mr Pussy Legend tho. Please read. This has made my day BREAKING - pancake day to be renamed Gove Tuesday in honour of Britains biggest tosser Toxic Shock Syndrome would be an incredible name for a band and the best actor Oscar goes to Donald Trump for his portrayal as giant orange Russian slave piss baby Even if you don't like Trump, you gotta admit this is sweet Checkout lady was looking at me really weird when I bought beer earlier. Realized she'd noticed my wallet Remember when Trump stole his inauguration speech from Bane, but everyone forgot cuz it's only like the 698th most stupid thing he's done [Trump watching Fox News, doesn't notice its on an ad break] 10 mins later - WHEN WILL THE FAKE MEDIA ADMIT TOOTHPASTE & DOG FOOD ARE REAL Fox News - the boys are back in town baby CNN - we're hearing that one of the boys was murdered & two were detained at the border Banned from WH press briefings: CNN BBC Buzzfeed Not banned: Brietbart Penthouse The New Klansman Uncle Ricks Bigtime Racism Almanac [sees what appears to be a spicy meatball] . [draws breath] I wish I knew what it meant to be happy im pregnant Me [not woke] - duhh I think fascism is good Horse [is woke, but cannot convey human language] . [moves leg slightly] poo fart celery (cop bursts out of a giant cake) Im afraid there's been an accident So.this is your idea of a romantic first date? Me - [dipping nugget in my McFlurry] - hmm? FINALLY I don't recall Obama doing any of this Yeah my dad was a veterinarian in the army you mean veteran? [flashback to my dad performing heart surgery on a monkey in \\Nam] Sure Chicken nugget If 99% of the world's media thought I was a piece of shit, I'd be like hm maybe I'm a piece of shit Gotta give him credit, the Trump post-election rally pulled an infinitely larger crowd than the Obama post-election rally there are four people at the Trump rally 1,000 days seems pretty old for a chick It's not even fun owning anymore. destroyed the last 0.0000001% of credibility he had Hello ladies, couldn't help but notice you were having a conversation that wasn't about Piers Morgan. Pleasure to m Trump - THAT's IT!! BRING ME THE LAUNCH CODES!! [opens briefcase & its empty] Biden [watching from air vent] heh heh heh Wanna feel old? *cop starts breakdancing* is 4 years old in June [suddenly becomes allergic to shrimp] . (I'm not currently eating shrimp so I have no idea) Years from now, 'trump will be an adjective to describe someone who is the maddest a person can be online without going into cardiac arrest Im not even mad. The American people might be mad, but it's actually amusing just how not mad I am Gender reveal cake but its just full of chocolate dicks DONALD TRUMP's GUIDE TO THE ELEMENTS Trump - you know what uranium is? It's weapons, and some.erm. bad things NASA scientist wearing uranium hat - oh damn, I fucked up [hears noise downstairs] ok don't sound medieval don't sound medieval don't...WHO GOES THERE? goddammit I hope Trump gets impeached, makes a run for it but gets stuck in a doggie door Guy on subway - hey buddy you're a hamster hahaha Me - hey asshole, I. [an owl swoops down & carries me away] Someone I know's pet tortoise fell asleep in their slipper Good cop - come on man, we know you did it Delicious bowl of soup cop - yum yum im piping hot This is my best toy [arrives sweaty & out of breath to date] Hey babe, I've erm.been doing karate [the whole restaurant saw me being chased by a cat] I saw the world's worst toys today I'm in the world's worst costume shop Two people, or one vase? London peeps, I'm going to Twitter show at the Phoenix on March 9th, it'd be good to drink beers with some of you and whatnot Fox News is at it again Im not the hero Gotham deserves, or needs, or wants I wonder how many of the women watching Shrek 2 on DVD this weekend also claim to be offended by colossal talking g [runs into hospital] HELP, MY BABY DRANK 3 RED BULLS [6ft baby kickflips over my head] Shut the fuck up dad, im woke u piece of shit I fought the law (and the law won) [sees cat taking a crap in my garden] SEE YOU IN COURT Somewhere in the White House, Trump just punched a wall, causing 1cm of damage Some of my favorite Sean Spicer quotes I'm sorry to say that is no more. Here are some reminders of the first rate journalism we u I've been sentenced to death for having 19 stomachs That's possibly the most disgusting thing I've ever tweeted Do u think Donald Trump randomly burps up Steve Bannon's breastmilk during meetings? **You're through to 911, dial 1 for human cops, dial 2 for lobster cops** [smashes 2 frantically while crayfish tries to break down my door] One good thing to come from the Trump presidency is that 3 doors down have sold 17 albums off the back of the inauguration Cop - sir do you know how fast you were going? Neil deGrasse Tyson - even as we speak the planet is traveling at 67,000mph officer More like Betsy. bad Trump after 2 weeks - all negative polls are fake news Trump after 4 weeks - cows are actually a type of horse Trump - master, may I call some of the shots today? Bannon - now now my little coffee table, don't move or my drink will fall off football Vet - Mr President, good news. I saved your dog's life Trump - So what, vets can just operate on animals now whenever they please? ok guys let's generate some buzz today ok hahaha - a bee or some shit idk Im tired What if.Trump, who in this scenario is also Voldemort.scored the winning touchdown wearing Pharrell big hat If you ask me, the most Gaga thing is the Trump administration hahaha thank you thank you so much sure was nice of me to give that homeless guy $5 this morning [sees Steve Bannon on TV holding a Starbucks] son of a. New Mastodon album next month Lmao at this photo of Trump struggling to climb up a small hill Neither team will want to win the Super Bowl in case Trump calls to congratulate them [swole jesus sees guy drinkin water] I got u bro [guy looks down to see premium brand protein shake] wow thanks swole Jesus! Just when you think all hope is lost, Hartlepool United randomly destroys a misogynist and for a second all is right in the world Tfw you're sending out phishing emails but your heart isn't really in it [cut to The Hamburglar collecting his luggage at JFK] [goes to museum of fine art] Just how fine can this art be, anyway [sees a vase in a thong] oh damn lmao he shot a newspaper with a gun This is my favorite thing that's ever happened to me on Twitter, and it's even cooler now that it's Batman reading Yeah so Lego Batman Movie is incredible [gets murdered] - you know, we really should do this more often If Hitler was still alive today he would be 53 I live in Stoke-on-Trent, can you please go away. This is Fred country Steve, can I.can I have the top bunk tonight? no Donald. No you may not We thought 2016 was bad but it was merely lubing our assholes for 2017 The truth behind Trump's Australian phone call I will call it Gary [army voice] - COVER ME [sex voice] - .in kisses Me - [dies] VOTE FOR PENIS [Trump, aged 86] - im dead now lol. we all are [steals a car] Omg, this thing is so heavy [unknowingly eats 10,000th carrot] *CONGRATULATIONS, YOU HAVE UNLOCKED ULTIMATE CARROT* [cannot handle ultimate carrot & dies instantly] Just chillin Slow news day at the BBC [a thing happens] Me - a thing happened I finally figured out who Sean Spicer reminds me of I can't even think of jokes anymore. I might just redo all my old Bruce Willis tweets but with Trump n Pence Remember when Trump drank piss for like a week then we forgot about it cuz he brought back torture? In my mind all of Trump's staff are required to call him daddy and nothing can convince me otherwise Trump [looking out of window] - sometimes I feel.dare I say.unpopular Bannon - gaze upon the obelisk daddy. it is soon time to feast Remember 10 days ago when Kim Jong-Un was the world's most fucked up dictator Evil, emotionless and scared of stairs? Donald Trump is a Dalek random news generator, activate *BzT, THE PRESIDENT IS.AFRAID OF STAIRS NOW BEEP BOOP* thank you random news generator Pence - executive order daddy? Trump - [giggles] oh but I mustn't tee hee hee Every time Trump signs an executive order his hands get bigger I'm currently raising money for Syrian refugees. You can donate here Shoutout to my boys & Trump is acting like a guy who just finished Grand Theft Auto story mode and can use cheat codes without fucking up his save file Today my son asked me if Mount Everest was bigger than a gnome. When I said no, he said what about a really big gnome? ? The Gangnam Style man has fallen on hard times [zoolander voice] - what is this? An inauguration crowd for ants!? Hey Jerry, I bought a plant to improve the air quality in the office [plant does huge, rippling fart] jerry i fucked up [2 dogs eating dinner] u know Sharon, that life insurance policy u found me is great [stops chewing] why does this taste like chocolate The GOP - Because Noah's ark is more plausible than climate change I think we're running out of listicles Since no time travelers came back to stop Trump becoming president, it means he'll destroy humanity before time machines are invented Jeb Bush - and then you have the screens say PLEASE CLAP Trump - [furiously taking notes] Ask your doctor if punching a Nazi is right for you How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if Bernie would have won? Holy shit Bernie Sanders just German suplexed a Nazi off the top of the capitol building 80's movie scene where an IRS guy walks in on Donald Trump & he kicks his tax returns under the couch [guy approaches me in bar] are you. the boobs legend? Me [makes sure nobody is listening] yes. im have seen.8 the an boob [Trump arrives at Area 51, out of breath & holding a teacup] ALIENS!! *gasp* DO THEY PISS? Michelle has finally revealed what was in the box I'm at the museum of cool ass hedgehogs There were 3 people at Trump's inauguration called Carl. The other guy was called Steve 50 years from now Donald Trump will be a footnote to the history being made today The marches today have totally eclipsed the orange piss clown's inauguration, and that will be driving him absolutely insane right now The two strongest women should grab trump with their pussies and pull him apart I know it's early to be talking about the next election but. Guy who punched Richard Spencer 2020? . awakes, alone in a dingy London flat. time to abuse women online for attention he sobs into his pillow Feel free. It's about time Straight white men had their voices heard. The crowds would give you so much support Piers Morgan - Im running the London Marathon raising money for straight white men WOMEN?? MARCHING?? MAKING THEIR VOICES HEARD?? I, PIERS MORGAN SIMPLY CANNOT COMPREHEND THIS VERY BASIC CONCEPT Imagine voting for a man who didn't learn to walk until he was 70 2015 - Ice bucket challenge 2016 - Mannequin challenge 2017 - Nazi punching challenge How have we gone from Obama & Biden to Mr Piss & a Lego man Trump's already started moving his stuff into the Oval Office Please repeat after me. I, Donald J Trump. I, Rachel. [crowd gasps] Reports suggesting that 2 of the 3 doors down are now refusing to play, leaving just the bass player, Nigel Door It's getting awfully close to the inauguration. Starting to think our snarky Trump tweets didn't work The inauguration boycotts keep on comin Who remembers this classic moment from F.R.I.E.N.D.S?? Bikers for Trump - ain't nobody getting in our way.wait.what's that? [Biden slowly appears over the horizon on a child's tricycle] [driving with gf] hey babe, ever seen a car do a loop-de-loop before? [pulls steering wheel super hard & it comes off] Movie idea - Matthew Mcconaughey becomes a Nazi. Alt-Right Alt-Right Alt-Right - in theaters 2018 [Trump's inauguration] Racist uncle - wow these seats are great. What a view [guy in huge Klan hood sits directly in front] oh come on How nazis have evolved over time Donald Trump Monopoly sucks ass Waitress - is everything ok for you darlin? Me - [surrounded by 27 Bengal Tigers] not a big fan of the tiger sitch, but the hotdog is ok Paul Pogba has got PP on the side of his head. Must be a tribute to Donald Trump The incredibly young pope - ga ga. babababa Detective - goddammit incredibly young pope, you're right Getting a tweet from is my new favorite thing ever Lego street is coming along nicely I can't tell whether my last tweet is popular with bots or Trump supporters Not to be mistaken with popular Youtuber Yung Peephole [a butt happens] Me - a butt!! Navy Seal - sir, were trying to extract you from North Korea, please ignore the haunted butts Girlfriend - don't let the door hit ur ass on the way out Me - thank u so much! It hits my ass often & it hurts, love u GF - love u too Priest - Keep quiet. The yankee candle man is near Me - fuck the yankee candle man [the smell of cinnamon slowly fills the air] me - uh Girl - do you have protection? Matt Walsh - why yes. I have in excess of [pushes up glasses] 4 condoms. Prepare for pleasure Barack - honey are you ready? Michelle - hold on, just holding the sign Barack - what sign? Michelle - UKIP claims that over 3 million immigrants have entered the U.K. in the last 24 hours Ben Carson - helicopters work by tiny little birds that lift them into the air. Birds are a type of magic spider Holy shit hahaha My son's new reading book is fucking brutal Remember when Ben Carson said the pyramids were actually for storing grain? Linda Bean is the new Ken Bone After a hard day of being the president, nothin beats the refreshing taste of an ice cold Coke Zero if a Bruce Springsteen tribute band is playing the Trump inauguration, the real Bruce should play at a fake inauguration for Trump has agreed to move the inauguration to a pub in downtown Seattle as the band weren't willing to travel The signs were there Pissing on Obama's former bed is nothing compared to the 4 years Trump's gonna spend shitting all over his former office I was half right arghh in a parallel universe somewhere Meryl Streep is accepting a NASCAR trophy and dating Brock Lesnar The Devil Wears MAGA Every time Neil Degrasse Tyson corrects somebody, an angel doesn't exist [sees a fairly large horse] Huh, would you look at that. A fairly large horse $10 says Trump calls Putin daddy in 2017 [looks in rear view mirror] Linda, the car behind us.it's.it's driving itself? Dracula - the fuck is that guy staring at We're over a week into 2017 and as predicted, celebs are now immortal Mike Pence with Donald Trump's face looks like the bad guy from a straight-to-DVD action movie Here's Donald Trump and Mike Pence with their faces photoshopped onto each other, and I am so, so sorry Good. A skeleton is a basic human right What if dogs are really the dominant race and humans are just racist candles [sees a wasp out of corner of eye] please don't have human legs please don't hav. [wasp extends full sized human leg] fuck. Shit. Piss Like cow milk but saltier Do you think Donald Trump uses an adult diaper or just craps directly into his pants how would u like your steak sir? we've got rare, ultra rare, legendary, fossil, or u can try and catch your own steak in the safari zone Trump - hey man, I need you to hack the apprentice ratings now Putin - you don't get to tell me what to do. That's not how this works WHY THIS LEGO MAN LOOK LIKE ERIC TRUMP THO Clifford the big red bitch Mr President, we have one of the hostage takers on the line Trump - have you SEEN the ratings for dancing with the stars? Pathetic, Sad! Such a strange name for an actress hm, something appears to be blocking my hose [places hose to eye] .. [a leopard attacks me from behind] Date - I really dig intellectuals Me - oh yeah? well check this out babe [counts to 17] The book my 5 year old brought back from school is fucking terrifying Lol, so random a teen girl says as she walks by. All of my limbs begin to shoot off in different directions. Above me a centipede happens IMPORTANT POLL - Who would win in a fight? Wife - he doesn't know what chairs are Therapist - is this true? Me [hiding behind lamp] WHAT THE FUCK IS SHE SITTING ON [a small, trivial thing happens] meh, I won't lose any sleep over it [27 hours later] BUT WHAT IF THE MUSTARD WONT WASH OUT OF THE SHIRT On April 23rd I'm running The London Marathon for I'd be eternally grateful for any sponsorship :) The schedule for Trump's inauguration has leaked I pronounce pirates like Pilates . Complete silence. I haven't got a face Blocked & reported hahaha - me after using my date's toilet the best anime is Toy Story 2 hot girl at party - I never understood that movie Inception Me - ok so basically. [7 hours later] .they're all robots I think? At the Trafford Center, which should I buy? The most obvious plot twist in a movie is when it turns out Severus Snake turns out to be a snake. Like, it's literally his name In 2017 celebs will be immortal. Donald Trump will randomly do backflips off the White House roof. Kanye will explode every 15 mins [Drops chicken nugget on floor & it rolls under the fridge] OH GREAT. 2016 STRIKES AGAIN Speak in first person please. You're not the fucking Rock 2018. The last celebrity stands on the edge of a vast chasm, staring wistfully into oblivion. Softly he whispers. oppa Gangnam style [old dude in heaven] Being dead sucks [someone shares a GIF of a candle on facebook] Heaven is good now. Im glad I died I love the scene in Brokeback Mountain where they rustle up a multipack of Fab Lollies [Trump opens gift from Mike Pence] A Furby? Pence - wait for it [Furby goes on insane 20 minute racist tirade] Michael.I love it 2016 would definitely be a Trump supporter Just been to see the Marvel Universe Arena tour. At one point Wolverine did a backflip on a dirtbike for no reason whatsoever Lego time bitches The best Christmas movie is porn Keep up with the Kardashians? I can't even keep up with my child support We don't say Merry Christmas in my house. We don't even say Happy Holidays. We say Holly Happydays very quietly to a bowl of sticks Imagine only just now realizing my tweets are terrible All I want for Christmas is. dat ass St Nicholas was originally from Turkey. Interesting to see if he enters Russian airspace tonight. I wouldn't put it past 2016 to kill Santa Lol Bernie Sanders called Trump Tweeter-in-Chief like it was nothin. Savage La La Land (2016) - The yellow Teletubby takes control of a plane after overpowering two hijackers Good news gang! I finally found the clitoris. It was in my heart this whole time. I have 3 weeks to live. Bit late to the party but I thought Rogue One was incredible Imagine coming downstairs on Xmas morning and there are like fourteen 3ft John Cenas under the tree having an orgy What's your favorite Disney movie? Mine is Return of the Jedi To work out your toilet name, replace your first name with your first name, and your second name with toilet hi this is your pilot speaking. Popular band Twenty One Pilots that is!! [passengers all rockin out as plane plunges into the ocean] Trump has reportedly secured Larry the Cable Guy for his inauguration in a deal worth upwards of $14 Obama's inauguration vs Trump's inauguration dad, things aren't the same since you became an advent calendar PEER INSIDE MY WINDOWS WILLIAM. LIFE IS PAIN. MY LUNGS IS AN BAUBLE The must have gift this holiday season is 47 centipedes Sometimes you just can't beat the exhilarating rush of wearing a hat Im fairly certain Bowie & Prince sensed where 2016 was headed and were like yeah no thanks Remember when Donald Trump encouraged his supporters to assassinate Hillary Clinton and everyone was like cool, wanna be president? Getting reports that 47 democrats wrote in The Hamburglar Me - who's a good boy? Dog - not me Me - wait, what Dog - I borrowed ur car last night. Killed a guy. Im so sorry. The cops are here Nigel Farage says he wants to be a bridge between the U.K. & USA. I don't think he'll stretch that far personally but let's find out It's 5 o'clock somewhere I chuckle as I knock back another beer. Its been 14 years since Trump accidentally set off all the nukes. Silence It's already Christmas in Australia [a gust of wind blows a wet paper bag into my face just as I'm about to propose] Cop - sir, are you a salamander? Me - [is 9 inches long. enjoys a mixed diet of earthworms, flies, beetles and vegetation] People need to show Donald Trump some damn respect. He's the precedent elect of the USA For dogs sake omg I just remembered Marco Rubio My parents asked me to use Photoshop to make their Persian look nicer What next? Rogue 2? haha numbers Wife - if u couldn't get me a Large Hadron Collider it's ok Me - [gestures to 27km present that disappears over the horizon] My 14 year old self is freaking out about the Yahoo hack rn. Literally anybody could access my photos of Limp Bizkit You and me both I didn't think 2016 could get any worse, but I'm hearing reports that the boys aren't back in town, and never will be. Killed by bazooka [sees two centipedes having a dance off] Sharon, look at this. where did they get boomboxes that small even Kanye, 2005 - George Bush doesn't care about black people Kanye, 2016 - I CAN HAS ATTENTION PWEASE MR TWUMP? Reporter - Mr Trump, do you even know what hacking is? Trump - [imagines child playing a Sega Dreamcast] - of course. Im smart I guess you could say. [lowers shades] Russia decided who to Putin the White House The only thing missing from Trump's team at this point is an oldey-timey prospector Idea: a Trump parody account that tweets about policies and makes sane, adult statements [g/friends dad] who in your opinion is the greatest football player of all time? Me - [say a real name say a real name] Football Man [spends $400,000 making a movie called Apocalypse Meow ] The next night - so, remember on our first date you said you like cats? Ohh shit. I sang too many Christmas carols and summoned the Jingle Man Trump as person of the year isn't actually a shock when you look at past winners HELL YEAH, GUESS WHO's RUNNING THE IN APRIL? YA BOI THAT's WHO Mike Pence locked himself in his bedroom after the naughty Hamilton man shouted at him and nobody's seen him since [trump spots spider stuck in bath] LOSER!! SAD! PATHETIC! Melania - honey, it's time for the inauguration SAD, LOSER SPIDER! SAD!! Trump - $4 for a hot chocolate? Sad!! Cancel order cancel order! Starbucks Barista - Im so sorry Mr president T - Sad!! Loser! Hey, is releasing a book, fairly good chance it'll be brilliant I reckon Octopuses haven't actually got 8 legs. They're a special type of cat that makes you go cross eyed when you look directly at them December can only mean one thing. Best tweets of the year lists. Oscar season for depressed people. Wo good luck everyone Can we stop calling leave voters Brexiteers please? It sounds like a gang of racist astronauts Facebook needs to sort its fucking algorithms out I bet Ding Dong Merrily on High was the Gangnam Style of the 16th century As a child I vaguely remember going to sleep happy one time I want to do a secret Santa with all my followers. Can one of you sort it out please? Thanks I don't know what owls are I went to a weird antique place today and they had actual physical memes for old people. The last one is fucking br [drops smart telephone on floor] No my smart telephone [watching Jaws with girlfriend] Jaws is the shark Here's Chad Kroeger as a cyclops I made Donald Trump's face 50% larger for no reason. Enjoy Mitt, it's Donald, I've made my decision on Secretary of State Y.yes? It's Nickelback. The whole band. All four of them bitch lmao Jay Pegg Imagine if your name was Jay Pegg. People would be all lmao image format much? But you wouldn't hear them cuz you'd be getting mad pussy Pissed off. My vegan advent calendar had a fucking hotdog in it I'm alive, but like.only literally Any other year, this headline would surprise/confuse me WHO WOULD MAKE YOUR TEAM OF 3? Date - hi Me [recalls reading online to break the ice with a joke] you know, the opposite of Mrs Doubtfire would be Mr Confidence Water Ahh I love Imagine me, but actually good Has the president ERECT been done yet? If not, here it is. Thank you for your time If you read the Bible backwards it's the script for Shrek 2 When Trump picked his chief strategist he just said get me a racist John Goodman [trump wins election] - woo, so when do I get my president hat Sir that's not even remotely a thing I've been trying out observational comedy lately. Saw a cat today. What's the deal with cats The most embarrassing thing you could do at school was accidentally call your teacher spice daddy 17 times in 1 minute I knew the new UKIP leader looked familiar Trump's team keep hiding his phone inside increasingly hard to reach biscuit barrels I would have been elected class president if you discount the votes of all the nerds and losers who haven't even kissed a girl by the way I can't stop laughing at this shitty Facebook meme Buffalo Bills is short for Wuffalo Williams Ah the endless disappointment of being a Tottenham fan Donald Trump is 7 years old More like.community chest the rapper hahahah Perfect scenario - Jill Stein's recounts strip Trump of the presidency and somehow the true president is Crash Bandicoot This thread is absolutely fascinating, and endlessly depressing Chance the Rapper had to call himself that because there was already a guy called Chance the Zookeeper I'm in the hospital. My racist uncle got into a fight with my scorpion uncle and he got poison stabbed in the face What did you guys get me for Fathers Day The best football team in the world is the Dallas Cowboys I dont know why these idiots keep saying Germany or Braz Lionel Messy Send me the best tweet youve ever seen and if its actually good Ill retweet it or like it or something I dont k If youre having a rough day, feel free to tell me how much I suck, it will make you feel better Golf or soccer.which sport is better to take a nap to? This is apparently a real magazine I just saw. I couldnt even make this up. Saw a goose and some goslings this morning. This is a good tweet, thank you for your cooperation. Its not easy to tweet this consistently bad folks, you could at least show me some damn respect* *one like = one respect TRUMP: I will legitimize your rule, stop all military exercises, and lift economic sanctions. Final offer KIM JONG Guys named Chad, youre kicked off twitter. Log off. Guys named Todd can stay for now but youre on thin ice. Nintendo finally getting back to their roots You guys sure about this *freeze frame* *record scratch* Yes thats me. Youre probably wondering how I got here. Can check ROB THOMAS: Man its a hot one, like seven inches from the midday sun NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: ok Im going to stop you right there ME: Ill take PEOPLE WHO THINK PAT SAJAK SUCKS for $800 Alex PAT SAJAK: this is Wheel of Fortune ME: *makes buzzer Who wore it better MERKEL: and thats why Pantera is th greatest metal band of all time TRUMP: I still say Winger Please send any comments or concerns about this pair of shoes STRAIGHT TO HELL ME: does Spider-Mans dick shoot webs? WAITER: I meant any questions about the menu Based on the noises coming out of the intercom I think the captain of my plane is Skrillex If you put croutons on a salad it is now a sandwich and should be referred to as such. Thank you for your cooperation Why am I not allowed to ride on the airplane engine this is bullshit First I changed my shorts because you guys complained. Then I changed my shoes. Now you complain about the socks. Does it ever end? Then what good is it Everyone do me a favor and tell to shut the fuck up No justice until Trump pardons the Hamburglar DOCTOR: Im very sorry. Although we tried multiple times to bring him back, Sexy didnt make it JUSTIN TIMBERLAKE: this is bullshit Get you a man who can do both GOD BLESS ANTARCTICA HAMBURGER GLOVE STAND INSIDE HERB HANG GLIDERS IN THE PLACE WHERE NINJAS FALL IN LOVE Try and make fun of these shoes idiots. Spoiler alert: you cant because theyre cool and hip and youthful and also I'm not a lawyer but this seems like shaky legal theory Check out my red balls This is the way the world ends This is the way the world ends This is the way the world ends Not with a bang but a You see a toilet with a sign that says clog-proof. Do you: First draft master of my latest song. If you have ears, tell me what you think. If you don't have ears, just say it Basketball is way more complicated than I thought Kobe I whisper as I shoot a ball of paper at the trash can across the room, hitting a candle instead and burning the entire house down Not sure about this one Cant believe Pusha T said Drakes favorite movie was Star Wars Episode I Weezers cover of Totos Africa is.good. Thank you. On a scale of I want to blow my brains out to the second coming is imminent how thrilled is Mike Pence that Kim ME: upcat FRIEND: its updog ME: what? FRIEND: youre supposed to make them say what is updog ME: what? FRIEND: WHA How can Donald Glover and Childish Gambino be the same person if they have different names? Checkmate atheists We regret the typo in the previous tweet and apologize for any inconvenience. The intern responsible has been fired. PRIEST: Do you take this woman to be your lawfully wedded wife ME: I do PRIEST: Do you take this man to be your law Really digging the new Drake drop WISE MAN: you have climbed to the top of the most inhospitable mountain in the world. What is your question ME: did Other than this one, whats the best tweet youve ever seen. Bonus points if it was mine. Cut my charts into pieces This is my last report Excel spreadsheets All completed Dont give a damn If my files are deleted By age 35 you should be dead Can check TRUMP: HEY KID. HAVE YOU HEARD THAT SONG WHERE THEY GO OOHWAHWAHWAH? ITS PRETTY GOOD. Can someone please ask the NRA when Obama is scheduled to come take my guns? Ive been waiting 10 years and he hasn WHITE HOUSE CHEF: dinner is served TRUMP: *pushes away plate of Kraft Mac n Cheese* I told you I dont eat ethnic food If you slip the Taco Bell guys a fiver theyll let you fill your pockets with all the refried beans you can carry Looks like Words With Friends forgot about something TRUMP: how much do you get paid for this KID: I get $25 for mowing the lawn TRUMP: give me the goddamn mower If you continue to be confused about the quality of my tweets, I have prepared this handy graph of my twitter progr That woman is a MILF Mom Id Like to Facebook friend so we can share recipes Im going to make saying Jean-Claude Van Damme-It a thing So busy raging against the machine that you never notice somewhere along the way that youve become the machine Deeper Shade of Soul by Urban Dance Squad is a great song, no disagreement accepted. Thanks. Celebrities everywhere at the royal wedding I love a good #RoyalWedding KID: can I have my ball back JESUS: fuck you I have danced with the girls that were in the club and which you were probably wanting to date Forgive me they we Give your dad a heart attack by telling him about this new craft beer you discovered called Bud Light The best Van Halen song is Unchained. Thanks in advance for your concurrence. Now that sports betting is legal I can finally realize my long held dream of gambling my entire lifes savings on the Cleveland Browns Im one of 3 people on the planet who know what 8 was for in the Violent Femmes song Kiss Off B52S GUY: I got me a car thats as big as a whale NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: Im going to murder you ME: and the cow jumped over the moon NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: *bursts through wall* STOP LYING TO CHILDREN Here's draft mix #2 of my latest song if you'd like to provide constructive and/or non-constructive feedback. Now w FOR SALE: air guitar, never played GIMME AN N GIMME AN E GIMME A V GIMME AN E GIMME AN R GIMME A G GIMME AN O GIMME AN N GIMME AN N GIMME AN A GIMME A Logging onto the dark web No Looks like some motherfuckers forgot about Drai When youre white vs when youre brown BILLY CORGAN: the world is a vampire NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: what the fuck did you just say ME: what if Jesus stole Elton Johns wardrobe JARED LETO: I like the way you think ME: so theyre hot pockets only theyre filled with marijuana and we call them pot pockets, get it? BANK TELLER: yo Actually Frankenstein was the doctor, youre thinking of Frankensteins monster truck DJ KHALED: I dont eat the pussy ME: I have no idea who DJ Khaled is Petition to remove May 4th from the calendar and replace it with May 3 1/2 just to piss off the nerds POP QUIZ: What are your honest impressions of me as a person on twitter? Makes sense to me Let's hear Kanye out I don't feel so good Mike Pence Jesus Christ Disney, stop ME: you know those pieces of toast that look like Jesus WIFE: yeah ME: they sell for a lot of money right? WIFE: I Bad Religions best album is Recipe for Hate. No further discussion is required, thank you I liked the big comic book movie and I have no objections to having to watch other movies first. Im a rebel. COLLEGE: I see your GPA is 0.7 ME: yes COLLEGE: and for extracurricular activities you put 6th grade dodgeball run Neither Tony Romo nor Jason Witten consulted me before they decided to retire, Im kind of upset about that BREAKING NEWS: The Cleveland Browns have just traded their 1st and 4th overall picks for a Joe Montana rookie card FOX AND FRIENDS: Mr. President tell us about your highly successful tax cut plan TRUMP: I murdered 3 homeless peopl Dave & Busters is short for David and Ghostbusters *all the Avengers line up to face Thanos* THANOS: whos the purple guy IRON MAN: thats Hawkeye THANOS: oh THOR: he The best part of Avengers: Infinity War is when Captain America turns to the camera and says the pee tape is real LEAKED PHOTO OF THE BIRTH OF THE ROYAL BABY The band Sloan is really really good even if they are Canadian TRUMP: lets play Connect Four MIKE PENCE: excellent idea Mr. President TRUMP: *drops in one checker* I win MIKE PE Yesterday alone 37 million people died from marijuana overdoses. Just say no. Why does Canadas flag have a marijuana leaf on it? And why is it red? Marijuana is green lol stupid Canadians To celebrate 4/20 Im going to say four prayers to Jesus and do 20 push ups Todays Truth - I have never partaken of the marijuana Guys Im a secret Russian bot supporting trump, who knew ME: I really like [TV show, film, or book] FACEBOOK: oh I love [TV show, film, or book] too! TWITTER: actually [TV He's finally gone too far DATE: Im excited to go out tonight ME: you look kind of newpussycat DATE: whats newpussycat? ME: whoa oh oh oh DA Facebook memes vs Twitter memes A sandwich is something between bread. Is pizza a sandwich? I have solved this. Youre welcome. Non-sandwich vs sa Is someone using the mad libs book to write headlines again Im playing golf with Steve. Like this tweet to say hi to Steve. Thats me in the corner Thats me in the spotlight Eating all the nachos Trying to keep them all from you And I don The great thing about bombing people is it solves the problem and you never have to do it again *checks history notes* Oh Timely Listen to Mission Accomplished by Bucky Isotope on #SoundCloud Apparently dropbox is too hard for teens so here's a soundcloud link to a rough mix of my latest track. Feel free The latest teen YouTube challenge is to eat 10 Taco Bell bean burritos then go see A Quiet Place SHAGGY: hey Scoob you look like you have a bad case of updog SCOOBY-DOO: ruts updog SHAGGY: not much whats up wit What the media wont tell you is self driving cars are actually driven by ghosts If you swipe a pentagram shape on Tinder you get to go on a date with Satan SENATOR: Mr. Zuckerberg I have a very important question MARK ZUCKERBERG: go ahead Senator SENATOR: why did my ex-w WHY IS HAWKEYE AN AVENGER? ALL HE DOES IS SHOOT ARROWS! SAD! DO YOU HAVE THE NUMBER FOR THAT BETTER CALL SAUL GUY? I NEED A NEW LAWYER Too emo to be goth; too goth to be emo ME: its like Rosemarys Baby only its Air Bud and hes pregnant with Satanic puppies UBER DRIVER: please get out of my car How many bodies do you think are buried under the Love Shack Can check Hey as someone well versed in fashion what do you think of these shoes The B-52s are my favorite band that I actually hate STEP 1: make a little birdhouse in your soul STEP 2: ? STEP 3: profit REMs best song is Fall On Me. No need to discuss as its objective truth, thanks. Lets settle this once and for all with #science. Does Dan Mentos suck? If you then you dont dont love deserve me at my Did I meme right Do you think The Rock is in all those movies because hes lonely This explains a lot We need a Disney princess who plays basketball in outer space with NBA players against a team of bad guys called Mo How do I sex Ted Nugent: These poor children, Im afraid to say this and it hurts me to say this, but the evidence is irrefutabl In honor of Easter weekend heres one of my favorite poems by James Tate, Goodtime Jesus ME: happy Good Friday JESUS: whats so good about it ME: uh JESUS: more like bad Friday I cant do it So so close Mambo #8675309 I see why Walmart pulled this magazine off the shelves now Anyone remember the Juliana Hatfield Three.good band ME: and thats the Pythagorean theorem TEENS: we dont get it ME: *sighs* 222 TEENS: now we get it ME: fucking teens SATAN: I will grant you infinite wealth, ultimate power, and eternal life and all I want in exchange is your soul M Just typoed nothing as mothking and now my room is filled with thousands of completely still moths silently awaiting my command ME: *falls into a woodchipper* RICK SANTORUM: quick, someone do CPR This game sucks Whats your favorite song about it being a nice day for a white wedding help Im drowning *looks up and sees Phil Collins is the lifeguard* aw shit Happy birthday to pixelatedbutt creator of the maltshake goose and the guy who tweets about Hillary all the time be This is how its going to go down Marvel: Avengers: Infinity War is the most ambitious crossover event in history Me: Its my birthday today but in an unusual twist I have a present for you. Im now 50 years old. Let the ridicule begin. Jim Carrey has made a powerful enemy today [1985] ME: what if we made a movie about science HOLLYWOOD: no thanks ME: *thinking quickly* what if the science.w Iron Maidens best album is Powerslave. No contrary opinions accepted, thank you. JUDGE: the charge is murder, how do you plead VIDEO: not guilty FAMILY OF RADIO STAR: this is bullshit Seismograph taken during my last basketball game Since the Drudge Report is running scientific polls I thought Id conduct a very scientific one of my own. Now with *shuffles through note cards* More like March Sadness Look what my wife gave me for my birthday. Coolest wife ever. I shot a leprechaun in Reno just to watch him die A horse walks into a bar. Why the long face, says the bartender. The man inside the horse costume starts to cry. This was my favorite book as a kid Harvey Dangers first album is a masterpiece and any opinions to the contrary are incorrect Oh come the fuck on If Wichita State loses this game Im going to throw something heavy at something breakable Happy birthday to my best friend online who is definitely not also me. And I also heard hes in some band, I dunno. RIP Tony Stephen Hawk, renowned physicist and skateboarding legend My favorite Stephen Hawking tribute posts are the ones on Facebook that use photos of Eddie Redmayne instead of Hawking himself Let us salute Stephen Hawking who has ascended to heaven to become the first member of Space Force I sat next to this guys cousin at a Cowboys game so were basically best friends. Also, theres an NFL Canada acco If Im following current events correctly Rex Tillerson was traded to the Cleveland Browns in exchange for shutting Even the dictionary cant find it Social justice warriors have ruined everything ME: do you have any proposals to fix our struggling public school system? BETSY DEVOS: people should stop being poo K Most underrated album by a band? Ill start: Flick of the Switch by AC/DC The apocalypse is nigh Anyone remember Sunny Day Real Estate Absolutely nobody named Todd can dunk a basketball TRUMP: I just have one hard hitting question for all you video game makers VIDEO GAME INDUSTRY: ok TRUMP: how the h Can check Many of my tweets are intentionally stupid. You dont need to tell me theyre stupid. Because I know. That theyre stupid. Dad? HITLER: Guys I was being ironic Think of a Tool song in your head. WRONG. It sucks even more than that. ME: I found a genie today WIFE: thats wonderful, I have some great ideas for wishes ME: *looking at brand new unop RED CARPET PERSONALITY: and who are you wearing? ME: please help ANNOUNCER: and nominated for best picture, The Shape of Water NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: actually, water takes the shape STEVE MILLER: some people call me the space cowboy ME: dude we only did that once and we all really really regret it Anyone remember Neds Atomic Dustbin Hey Lefties, AR does NOT stand for assault rifle. It stands for Axl Rose. You want to take us down to Paradis Ban About time they put an end to this ME: the printer is out of ink again LIBERTARIAN COWORKER: this is what happens when you have public ownership of sh I finally cracked the case FUCK YOU Dude no Finally he's making sense Of course video games cause violent behavior which is why I ripped the spine out of the guy who cut in front of me Can check I guess NRA members will now have to fly by shooting their guns into the ground really fast Pulp Fiction: Teachers Edition Not sold on this new ad campaign Here is a picture of a Terminator with Bob Ros head GOP LAWMAKER: to insinuate or otherwise imply that I fuck guns is a base, vile accusation that debases the entire I once dunked a basketball so hard my grandfather came back from the dead to tell me he loved me Man Mr. Rogers had a dark side The AR in AR-15 doesnt stand for assault rifle idiots it stands for Aaron Rodgers, quarterback of the Green Ba Dont sell yourself short, lots of people other than Democrats think youre stupid too Any Cincinnati Bearcats fans out there If we ban guns then criminals will just throw bullets at us really hard I dont remember this one is it good? IT WAS ADAM AND EVE NOT ADAM AND AR-15 If you think guns are a god-given right then why didnt jesus ever shoot anyone with an AR-15 Pretty much true for any situation No event, no matter how tragic, will make almost any politician change their mind. If you want things to be differe Lets save everyone a lot of time and just stipulate that I posted something about common sense gun control, you re Roses are red In all of their glory How much tang could a wu tang tang if a wu tang could wu tang How many swords is too many swords to bring on a first date I guess theyre going to ban your account Reminder that youre allowed to hate something popular without it being because youre jealous. Sometimes popula Luigi Luge youre welcome Abraham Lincoln was cool Figure skating would be a lot more interesting if they replaced the ice with grass and the skaters with football pl I just significantly improved the sport of curling My favorite Winter Olympics sport has to be the one where they fuck the snowman The first rule of Psychic Club is you should already know the first rule of Psychic Clu I once dunked on a guy so hard his mom divorced his dad right there in the gym SHAGGY: like wow, Scoobs, that ghost is really scary SCOOBY DOO: ruh roh DIRECTOR: cut SCOOBY DOO: I did not go to TRUMP: lets play Monopoly MIKE PENCE: good idea sir TRUMP: Ill be banker MIKE PENCE: of course sir TRUMP: *begins This counts as an I like this kid The best part of the halftime show was when the vengeful ghost of Prince appeared and ripped Justin Timberlakes head clean off YOU: superb owl lol ME: the increasing economic gaps between the upper and lower classes in America will eventually JUDGE: how do you plead ME: not guilty PROSECUTOR: your honor he hit a man multiple times with a golf club in front Todays Super Bowl is like rooting for a flu pandemic vs. a nuclear war You can tell a lot about a person by whether they side with David Gilmour or Roger Waters in the Pink Floyd disputes Tool is just Rush with fucked up time signatures dont @ me Anyone watch Altered Carbon yet? How does it hold up compared to the books? The best Van Halen album is Fair Warning. I will not be accepting replies at this time. Thank you. ME: *looking at groundhog* so what does the future hold little buddy GROUNDHOG: *eyes turn black* FIRE SHALL RAIN D STRANGER ON THE TIME MACHINE TRAIN: so, you going back to kill Hitler too? ME: *imagining eating the sub sandwich I Great speech LIKE for I want to die RETWEET for I want to die Kicked out of Applebees for being too steampunk Is this how you mine bitcoins am I rich now Im I have no idea who anyone is at the Grammys years old BULLY IN 4TH GRADE: youre a nerd and a loser and youre ugly and everyone hates you ME 35 YEARS LATER: *whispering* no you are I cant believe this movie is up for an Oscar Trading all my bitcoins for Kohls cash on the dark we *Tom Brady gets into a sword fight with ninjas and has both arms cut off* BILL BELICHICK: Tom is listed as question #2MinutestoMidnight is my favorite Iron Maiden song as well as the current #DoomsdayClock setting. Synchronicity. This is your brain And this is your brain on drugs ALIENS: take us to your leader ME: just go ahead and blow us up ME: Ive been through the desert on a horse with no name HORSE: my name is Gary you son of a bitch I told you that like a hundred times Grilling in the snow Dad level unlocked Who should I cheer for in the Super Bowl Who is the best quarterback at the #NEvsJAX game today BIDEN: hello Mr. President TRUMP: who is this BIDEN: its uh Prime Minister Updog of Bofa TRUMP: oh of course. How There are plenty of fish in the sea There are plenty of fish There are fish There are There The The fish The fish a Hes a great dealmaker This went.poorly Someone thinks Im an adult lol Tag yourself. Im Angelica TEENS IN THE 70S: lets protest war TEENS IN THE 80S: lets protest capitalism TEENS IN THE 90S: lets rage against This is your brain And this is your brain on Tide Pods Not sold on these yet Your porn name is the first name of the current President plus the last name of the current President. Mine is Donald Trump. How did the Hamburglar get a job at McDonalds working around children with all of his felony convictions PICTURED: Paul Ryan telling a statue of MLK that he has lots of black friends My Spotify daily mix is better than yours Its okay to eat Tide pods as long as you cook them to an internal temperature of 165 F *lights cigarette* Yeah it was me *takes a long drag and slowly exhales* I framed Roger Rabbit COP: *dragging me out of Dunkin Donuts* its time to go, sir ME: look if they would just admit donut holes arent r 911: 911 whats your emergency ME: Im stuck in a Pringles can 911: just relax your hand and pull it out ME: hand? When I was a teen we had to drink Tide straight from the bottle, spoiled brats TRUMP: this place is a shithole ME: what did you say? TRUMP: I definitely did not say this place was a shithole ME: I dont believe anyone named Cory actually exists Ladies and gentlemen this is the captain speaking. Todays in flight entertainment will be me singing Rock You Lik Not sold on these new Diet Coke flavors So in the movie Baby Driver is the baby driving a car or is someone driving a baby around? REPORTER: the four horseman of the apocalypse are roaming the earth destroying all of humanity, bringing disease an An infinite amount of monkeys with an infinite amount of typewriters would never generate this headline Breitbart news is pleased to announce the replacement for the departing Steve Bannon. Please welcome Beve Stannon! Anyone have any experience, good or bad, with [the year 2021] SECRETARY OF STATE MARTHA STEWART: the Russians have invaded Europe and the Chinese have launched a I have written an even shorter, even sadder story than For Sale: baby shoes, never worn - For Sale: clown shoes, worn TRUMP: did I win any of these golden globes MIKE PENCE: *pretends to check phone* You did, Mr. President TRUMP: wha This guy claims to be some sort of journalisthrm HAVING THE INTERNET Pros -the entire knowledge of the world is at your fingertips Cons -people make nude images of Shrek What time is the Dallas Cowboys playoff game this weekend? I should not have taken this before my big rap battle Im on the cutting edge of this This is so so good The worst mistake I ever made was teaching the squirrels karate Fill your cars airbags with pudding for a delicious post accident snack MARIJUANA IS EVIL screams Jeff Sessions as he downs a fifth of scotch and lights a mouthful of cigars New year new me I whisper to the mirror as I slowly peel off my face revealing the gleaming chrome machinery. IDIOT: the world is flat SLIGHTLY SMARTER IDIOT: the world is round BILLY CORGAN: the world is a- ME: shut the fuck up Billy Corgan I have launched the nuclear bombs that were in the silos and which you were probably saving for North Korea Forgi This beer my wife bought me for Christmas is very good, highly recommended. Now send me free beer dammit. Georgias kicker looks like he runs the Dungeons and Dragons game for the chess club on the side First day of legal marijuana in California and 73 million potheads have already died ANALYZING HAMLET: Wore black Liked skulls Talked about suicide all the time CONCLUSION: Hamlet was a goth ME: these pancakes are fam WIFE: what ME: and the eggs have me crine WIFE: what MEM I declare this breakfast to be Real airplanes are actually bigger than this. A lot of people dont know that. ME: Im dying, son SON: *long pause* Hi dying son Im dad ME: *tears up* the student has become the master *dies* TRUMP: *alone in the Oval Office* Im a great guy, phenomenal guy. Why do people not Iike me? JOE BIDEN: *from beh Good song A horse walks into a bar. Its been nice knowing you old friend, says the bartender as they hug. Outside the bomb PRINCE HARRY: Welcome Mr. President. Id- OBAMA: Before we start Id just like to say the expansion of the force po What did everyone get for Christmas? I got one day closer to death Happy Boxing Day canadians, or as its known in the US, what the hell is Boxing Day ME: Id like to buy a vowel PAT SAJAK: ok ME: are there any *jaws unhinge* [unholy demonic screeches from the lower Whichever holidays you celebrate, or even if you celebrate none at all. I wish you all a happy season of whatever. Seriously. Now that the War on Christmas is over Im finally free to wish each and every one of you a very MERRY *a gang of he I miss Romo Dez Bryant will make a fine wide receiver for the Cleveland Browns I have named that Saints interception the butt pick. This is now canon I presume youve all seen the new Star Wars by now so its not a spoiler to say the light saber battle between Jar ME: I would walk 500 miles and I would walk 500 more just to be the man who walked a 1000 miles to wind up at your *interrupts carolers* Theres only one day of Christmas idiots If you put croutons on a salad it becomes a sandwich Damn were so close Its not surprising Roy Moore hasnt conceded the Alabama Senate race as he also hasnt conceded the Civil War to the North yet TRUMP: its trivial pursuit time! MIKE PENCE: The category is sports, Mr. President. What sport involves the use of Can I retire on these yet MARKETING GUY: Sales are flagging for our core product MARKETING GUY #2: we need to appeal to a new demographic MAR ME: Id like to dedicate this next karaoke song to my beautiful wife on our anniversary. Looking forward to a roman Im metal af Imagine having the surname Hitler and your parents are too stubborn to change it, were the Long Island Hitlers an PROBLEMS WITH THE LAST JEDI BB8 runs on iOS and not Android Reys parents revealed to be Donald and Melania Trump K Anyone remember this song WHERE MY RAIDERS FANS AT Does Jesus know he was born during Toyotathon [me playing in my first professional football game] My mom brought orange slices for halftime guys [watching Star Wars with date when Luke Skywalker first appears on screen] *whispers* thats Star Wars [me playing basketball with Paul Ryan] TRICKLE DOWN ECONOMICS DOES NOT WORK BITCH *360 windmill dunks on him* The weirdest part of the new Star Wars is when Chewbacca turns toward the camera and lights up a Marlboro If a dad ever asks for help in a Home Depot he is immediately escorted from the store and paraded through one of th Please deposit $4.99 to read the rest of this tweet Luke Skywalker really changed in the new Star Wars movie Want to feel old? This is the kid from Home Alone today JUDGE: the charge is vehicular manslaughter how do you plead REINDEER: not guilty ME: *being dragged out of courtro Does this mean he liked it Sorry for the spoilers Life comes at you fast You have to be old to get this tweet, like me I dont remember this episode Track for track theres not a better power pop album than Fountains of Waynes Welcome Interstate Managers. Fight me. Love to interact with my fans And you may tell yourself This is not my beautiful house! And you may tell yourself This is not my beautiful wife! TRUMP: lets play chess MIKE PENCE: sure Mr. President TRUMP: my horse guy flies across the board and hits your king Are the Cowboys becoming decent or are the Giants that bad Dan Bailey today Who should Los Angeles resident root for in todays football game: I hate to tell you guys but the leg is the least disturbing thing about this poster ME: *punches nazi* CROWD: *cheers* ME: he did nazi that coming, am I right CROWD: *boos* ME: MAKE UP YOUR DAMN MINDS Whats your favorite song about being welcomed to a jungle While you idiots were buying bitcoins I cornered the market on expired Kohls cash, well see who survives the apocalypse now suckers yes sex is cool but have you ever heard of closing the goddamn door its much better to face these things with a se Try making it rain down at the club with your stupid bitcoins nerds yeah sex is cool but have you ever taken one of those quizzes that tell you which Harry Potter house youre in and yeah sex is cool but have you ever eaten someones plums that were in the icebox and that they were probably saving for later COP: the body is over here DETECTIVE PIKACHU: Pikachu! COP: you think so? DETECTIVE PIKACHU: Pikachu! COP: you may I cant bring myself to do it ME: you can vote for Jesus, a Democrat, or the Republican candidate Satan the Prince of Dark- ALABAMA: *interrupting* Satan Anyone else old enough to remember the band Zebra? Theyre pretty good for Canadians. If your name is Chad and you have a ponytail Im just going to assume youve been taking karate lessons for 20 year Theres no way of knowing if you are currently surrounded by ninjas COMPUTER ENHANCE In case you didnt know the original got banned (for good reason) but a mysterious stranger has reappea Dont mind me, just owning people online with clever retorts We are 20 years at the most away from the first US President with 69 in their twitter username Has seen this yet If you scan a zebra with a QR code reader you are immediately emailed a coupon for 90% off Ray-ban sunglasses Nice If the earth is flat why isnt there a long line of people waiting to jump off Trickle down economics killed the dinosaurs the man cannot be trusted The problem with America is weve never had a President who can successfully do a kickflip What is my only good tweet The stuffed animal one oohwahwahwah one This is the story of a girl, who cried a river and drowned the whole world I dont like spicy foods which of these is better Who would you rather be President of the United States: [flashback to the time I also lied to the FBI] FBI: do you really have a girlfriend that we wouldnt know because s An easy way to understand and remember the Republican theory of trickle down economics is to imagine a rich perso We beat the Washington team. Yay I guess? There is no sports team on earth I hate more than the Washington [racist name redacted]. This game is going to suck to lose. I 100% guarantee sucks at guitar BREAKING NEWS I support concealed carry laws but only for large swords Can check Hes totally a libertarian Something seems odd about the green infinity stone.COMPUTER ENHANCE Please vote for in this poll HANDY GUIDE TO UNDERSTANDING TRUMP Facts I disagree with - FAKE NEWS Completely made up bullshit - REAL NEWS Racis Congrats to Donald Trump on being the first clickbait President Why is Melania doing the White House Christmas decorations to look like the upside down I am fully prepared to replace Donald Trump with the guy who says dilly dilly in the beer commercials NY GIANTS: were going to go in a different direction at the quarterback position ELI MANNING: I understand, this s It sucks to be a Cowboys fan right now, but at least Im not a Giants fan. I for one welcome the new Geno Smith era. Impeach now Life is suffering Better twitter account SON: Happy Honda Days ME: We celebrate a Lexus December to Remember in this house, go to your room SON: *crying* I Tony back on the tree baby JUDGE: how do you plead ME: I dont even know why Im here, its not a crime to run naked through an Arbys shoutin What if all along it was really the princess that was rescuing Mario? SomeBODY once told me To order pepperoni I got Hawaiian pizza instead They screamed at me and shouted This isnt r COP: do you know how fast you were going ME: 420 mph COP: I dont even know how thats possible in a Honda Civic bu I want a girl with a short skirt and a lonnng face. Its a horse. I want a horse. Everyone say hi to my new friend who bought me a beer in Wichita. Very cool. Can check The punishment should fit the crime which is why Im willing to ground Malia for a week if you guys agree to impeach Trump Remind me again why Im a Cowboys fan CHARLIE BROWN: happy thanksgiving! CHARLIE BROWNS PARENTS: wah wah wah CHARLIE BROWN: I cannot believe you said th If you had to guess, who would you say my best friend on Twitter is? I am thankful for each and every one of you except Dave Dittell God dammit Wichita State As soon as a teenage mutant ninja turtle turns 20 it is executed and replaced with a younger reptile If you follow please unfollow him immediately thank you Hey everyone has open DMs and loves to answer random questions 2013: the Xbox One comes out *does some quick math* 2081: the Xbox 69 comes out Listen to Decay by Bucky Isotope - it has a good beat and I can dance to it I give it a 69/100 I didnt do it Im taking a knee during the Chilis Birthday song and everyone is booing and throwing southwestern egg rolls at me #17 - He loved to murder people The best part of the Justice League movie is when Batman turns to the camera and whispers Thor: Ragnarok is a much better film Super crowded at Justice League today Listen to Rhinestone Cowboy feat. Mark Hoppus by Bucky Isotope Wheres the conservative outrage over this stormtrooper kneeling during the playing of the Imperial March Charles Manson killed people. Charles Manson smoked marijuana. Therefore marijuana kills people. Simple logic, potheads. Im so close to owning Siri Congratulations to Dan Fouts on replacing Phil Simms as the worst analyst in football ABRAHAM LINCOLN: four score and seven years ago our forefathers brought forth upon this continent a new nation conc The famous mountain ranges of Kansas The average spider swallows 8 humans every year Whats your favorite thanksgiving holiday tradition? Mine is attempting to open a portal to hell so the dark lord c I shot a man in Reno for not wishing me a Happy Honda Days Im in a car heading to Kansas for a funeral. Ask me anything. Can check If Im reading this right Hillary just won the NCAA basketball championship Is this better Why is this game so popular Youre right. The problem is gun culture and people like you who kiss your guns at night and tuck them into bed. On Controversial *Donald Trump starts a nuclear war* ME: oh no, not on leg day ME: I shot a man in Reno just to watch him die MY LAWYER: would you please stop saying that PICTURED: Dallas Cowboys left tackle Chaz Green PICTURED: todays left tackle for the Dallas Cowboys If we evolved from monkeys then why dont people eat bananas? Checkmate atheists. ENJOY Winter is coming Were only a few months away from Donald Trump becoming the new KFC Colonel Sanders ADAM: Im lonely GOD: I shall make you a companion and her name shall be Eve ADAM: Hi Eve Im- EVE: I have a boyfriend I pronounce Thor Ragnarok to be.very good. I know youve been waiting on me before you see it. Youre welcome. DID YOU KNOW: the largest ever Smurf was 73 tall. He murdered 27 people in rural Louisiana and was put to death i BILL WALTON: on behalf of the entire human race Id like to apologize for WHERE MY UMKC FANS AT Alvin AND the Chipmunks? In this economy? SATANIST #1: we need a lot of blood for this ritual SATANIST #2: yeah but how can we carry it all KOOL AID MAN: why BABY BOOMERS: we didnt start the fire GEN XERS: You sure as hell threw gasoline on it MILLENIALS: *looks up from p LITTLE KNOWN FACT: there are more members of the Wu-Tang Clan than the population of Rhode Island Imagine Guy Fieri trying to dunk a basketball while holding an overstuffed hoagie in one hand 7 TRICKS TO IMPROVE CARDIOVASCULAR HEALTH THROUGH SUMMONING DEMONS FROM THE HELL DIMENSION AND DRINKING THE BLOOD O hail satan Sure youre in the second group chat where you make fun of the people in the first group chat. But are you in the t MARTHA WASHINGTON: I have a question GEORGE WASHINGTON: of course dear MARTHA WASHINGTON: do you like big butts? GE Moving to Virgina, this sounds awesome I for one welcome our new freak and perv overlords Now that I have 280 characters I can finally post a comprehensive list of all the people on this website that I hat Tell us a joke youre the jokerman Tell us a joke tonight Cause were sick of your tweets about politics And youve got us feeling uptight Every time I tweet about guns I lose a bunch of followers who apparently confused me with Tomi Lahren Or maybeand this is crazy26 less would have died When did I move to Canada, damn global warming 2017: people kneel during national anthem, country outraged 2021: national anthem changed to Chilis baby back ribs jingle, nobody notices JAPANESE PRIME MINISTER: welcome to Japan TRUMP: you dont look like Super Mario JAPANESE PRIME MINISTER: what TRUMP: wheres Donkey Kong Nothing personal, kid WHERE MY CHIEFS FANS AT (blink-182 + (Sum 41 - One Direction)) x Three Doors Down = 666 Poll incoming on who won this exchange The word muppet derives from puppet mixed with murderer Controversial My spirit animal Surveillance camera footage of the twitter employee deleting Trumps account I believe you have my stapler I CHIMED IN WITH A HAVENT YOU PEOPLE EVER HEARD OF HOLDING THE GODDAMN DOOR GOOD COP: just tell us what you did and we can help CRIMINAL: Im innocent DAD COP: hi innocent Im dad *pulls out phone at rap battle* Give me just a minute This one goes out to all my vegetarian friends who happen to be famous rock stars In every country around the world except the United States, baseball is known as soccer I told my daughter she had to share her Halloween candy with all of us and she put on a MAGA hat and called me a goddamn socialist KIDS: trick or treat ME: hang on guys Im still setting up the sushi bar. Who likes eel? ME: my dad died YOU: Im so sorry, sincere condolences ME: wait, I cant make anything funny out of that YOU: I know ME: Thank you all I have no intention of letting this sadness festival drag outas soon as I can think of another stupid bad tweet I will inflict it on you My dad died today. Not a surprise, its been coming, but it still sucks. Contrary to any jokes Ive ever posted, he was a good dad. RIP. Cant believe the #JFKFiles revealed JFKs favorite vape flavor was bubblegum This is the greatest day on this website ever The elder George Bush puts his hand on your ass and leans in close to whisper: my son did 9/11 ME:now I lay me down to sleep I pray the lord my soul to keep if I die before I wake I pray the lord my soul to take GOD: I have a boyfriend Why was the government hiding this for 50 years PROSECUTOR: please tell the court what your favorite book is ME: To Kill a Mockingbird JUDGE WHO IS ALSO A MOCKINGBIRD: what the fuck SHOCKING REVELATION I KNEW IT These are very different things guys GOOD POLICE DOG COP: woof woof bark bark BAD POLICE DOG COP: Hitler had some good ideas Welcome to the jungle, weve got Ray Bans for 90% off They finally released the letter Joe Biden left for his successor When you tell someone their tweet sucks CAUSE OF WWI assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand CAUSE OF WWII rise of evil dictator CAUSE OF WWi dumbass with a twitter account A fun thing to do is go into a public bathroom and play the National Anthem so everyone has to stand up FORTUNE TELLER: I can see how you will die ME: is it being murdered by the same squirrel that killed my father FORTUNE TELLER: what ME: what Im starting to think the Cleveland Browns were built on top of an ancient Native American burial ground INCUBUS GUY: pardon me while I burst into flames *explodes* ME: what a polite young man SHOT THROUGH THE HEART AND YOURE TO BLAME YOU GIVE GLOVES A BAD NAME HOMELESS PEOPLE IN U.S. 564,708 NUMBER OF PEOPLE IN POVERTY 43.1 MILLION RACISM, CLIMATE CHANGE, IMMIGRATION, AFFOR Am I doing twitch right please subscribe and donate The sun is shining. Birds are singing. A soft breeze blows through a field of flowers. The last person on earth sighs and steps off a cliff. People often say your tweets suck, but is there one that sucks the worst? Yes. Yes there is. BERNIE: interesting question. Its really a wide range of things from Beethoven to the Beatles, Bach to Barry Manil COP: are you the serial killer MY BRAIN: *dont say youre the serial killer* ME: I like to eat untoasted Pop Tarts COP: holy shit its you The lyrics to Def Leppards Pour Some Sugar On Me are objectively the worst lyrics ever. Fight me. This is a podcast featuring cool people and its about money, which we need, and evil corporations, which we dont. Apparently I stole that tweet from I blame Obama. Mario holds Luigis hand. Itsa me, Mario he sobs. Luigi stares blankly into the distance, recognizing no one, his mind ravaged by disease DEFENSE LAWYER: *whispering* whatever you do dont say youre guilty KOOL AID MAN: *nods* PROSECUTOR: did you do it? KOOL AID MAN: OH YEAH Not sold on this title ME: Id like to solve the puzzle PAT: ok ME: updog PAT: whats updog? ME: JUST OWNING YOU ON TV WHATS UP WITH YOU PAT: destroy the wheel Every time I tweet someone asks why do you hate your followers so much? And the answer is you deserve it. You know you do. somebody once told me the world was gonna roll me I dont know how to be sad the right way I have edited Stuart Little and Shrek into scenes from Pulp Fiction I have pumped up the jams that were in the club and which you were probably saving for night Forgive me they were dank so fleek and so hot ME: *holding dying dads hand* Im sorry you have to go thru this DAD: *pulls me close* hi sorry you have to go thru this Im dad *dies* *extremely REM voice* this one goes out to the one eyed glove I hurt myself today to see if I still feel ME: OVER-RATED FRIEND: thats probably not appropriate for a funeral ME: *clap* *clap* *clap clap clap* ROSE MCGOWAN: fuck you Ben Affleck TWITTER: DONALD TRUMP: I will wipe an entire country off the map and murder everyone TWITTER: *me free styling about Trump* His skin is orange and he - aw fuck *drops mic on foot* If someone else writes the life story of Lightning McQueen is it still an auto biography? DATE: tell me about your- ME: *interrupting* Its only a fight between the rebels and the empire over and over so Star War is more correct Not sold on the direction theyre taking the story There are other fish in the sea you say. Youre wrong. Climate change killed them. Their bloated corpses float as far as the eye can see. COMPUTER ENHANCE .. . OH MY GOD NO So God created man in his own image, in the image of God created he him; male and female created he them. Due to the current state of the football season I will not accept any anti-Cowboys replies until further notice. Thank you for your support. ME: if youre under my roof you follow my rules SON: fine ME: well? SON: *sighs* a ninja turtle could beat up a transformer ME: thank you There is a 100% chance Mike Pence refers to his wife as mother Whats the over/under on how many times I say shut up Joe Buck during this game Mike Pence walks out of Colts game after vendors fail to put salt on his giant pretzel Separated at birth? This is the tweet that made me block you person Ive never heard of before *Harrison Ford squinting* Sometimes you run the blades *Ryan Gosling squinting* Sometimes the blades run you *they high 5 in a freeze frame* The best part of the new Blade Runner movie is when Blade Runner (played by Harrison Ford) turns to the camera and says I run blades Hey idiots who stole the Halloween skeleton off of my front porch, my daughter is now in tears. You made a little girl cry. Well done! Found this killer new hot sauce, my mouth is still burning lol [whispering to date while watching Robocop when Robocop first appears on the screen] Thats Robot Cop Your skeleton is actively plotting your death Isnt this the Green Lantern oath Pumpkin Spice Marijuana If youve ever received any item with the phrase Worlds #1 Dad on it you are required to fight to the death with all the other dads Anyone remember the lyrics to the Hsker D song New Day Rising? If theres one thing Bernie and his supporters are known for its unfettered access to automatic weapons Follower count going down as people who previously thought I was President of the NRA abandon ship. Thank you for demonstrating my point Until guns become socially unacceptable in America no regulations are going to do anything. People love guns and equate them with freedom. YOU: which Harry Potter house are you in? ME: Im in house updog YOU: whats updog ME: just talking to some fucking nerd whats up with you WCW: I have eaten the plums that were in the icebox and which you were probably saving for breakfast ME: dude you are a terrible roommate ME: Im not mad Im just disappointed SON: hi not mad just disappointed Im your son ME: *tearing up* I take it back ME: are there any {guttural sounds from an ancient language of demons} PAT SAJAK: *eyes turn red* THERE ARE 666 ME: Id like to buy a vowel JUDGE: the charge is breaking and entering how do you plead KOOL AID MAN: what the fuck do you think This can't possibly go well LITTLE KNOWN FACT: ocean water is the biggest water of all and can be frequently found in oceans, which are big and full of big water KIM JONG UN: we will rain updog upon you TRUMP: whats updog KJU: I dont know I saw it on the internet T: Me either KJU: fucking teens Actually the doctor was Frankenberry. Youre thinking of Frankenberrys monster. Presented without context as to why I made this SCIENTIST: ladies and gentlemen let me introduce the first robot ever to experience the full range of human emotion ROBOT: I want to die When I was a sk8rboi I spoke as a sk8rboi I understood as a sk8rboi I thought as a sk8rboi; but when I became a sk8rman, I put away my board I have a potentially even worse one Im thinking about. Stay tuned. Ive now hit rock bottom T REX: I am the mightiest dinosaur. I am all powerful. I can do anything ME: oh yeah? Scratch your balls T REX: FUCK YOU Ok, the worst tweet of all time. Here we go. I have drafted the worst tweet of all time, but Im undecided about sending it. Should I further embarrass myself? Fake news. I only had 2000. My kid is a genius. Nice. TRUMP: I have this really great idea to insult Kim Jong Un and say something racist in the same tweet but it wont fit TWITTER: Saddest seven words in the English language: The Boys Are Not Back In Town No were not Russian Bot This is normally where Id say WHERE MY CARDINALS FANS AT but Im not sure they have any fans Leaked lyrics from the latest Tool song Ah yes the international banana measurement system TRUMP: I love you ME: I want to break up TRUMP: me too. In fact I wanted to break up first ME: what TRUMP: Im phenomenal at breaking up KIM JONG UN: I am the angriest craziest most unstable leader in the world and I have the worst haircut DONALD TRUMP: hold my beer I must have it name your price Hey I'm playing the national anthem right now on repeat and kneeling the whole time HITLER: done anything cool lately TRUMP: I said some racist stuff, yelled at sports guys and Im about to nuke someone HITLER: jesus christ Feeling good about your life? Happy with your job? Your relationships going well? Try Depression. Depression - ruining lives since forever DID YOU KNOW: Edvard Munchs famous painting The Scream was inspired by the movie Home Alone? ME: wheres the bathroom MC ESCHER: its upstairs ME: fuck you Ah yes, the classic slavery was actually good argument ME: I have a rap battle coming up and Im really nervous and nauseous MOM: have some of my spaghetti and put on a sweater ME: sounds good The real unemotional truth Have a really good view of the inside of the stadium right now thanks to this weather delay HOW BOUT THEM COWBOYS JIM NANTZ: welcome to todays game TONY ROMO: the final score will be 31-17 JIM NANTZ: what? TONY ROMO: *eyes turn black* FOOTBALL ME TO GF: your eyes are like two bright stars orbiting my love NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: actually- ME: shut the fuck up Neil deGrasse Tyson I have just learned that the earth is flat. Please form an orderly line along the edge so I can push each and every one of you off. Thanks. Your family is making you listen to Shawn Mendes in the car. Do you: Living in the UK must be so cool TRUMP: I have an announcement *unzips skin and dissolves into pile of angry fire ants* PILE OF ANGRY FIRE ANTS: U I L D T H E W A L L I served with science, I knew science. Science was a friend of mine. Sir, you're no scientist. If the choices are healthcare for none, healthcare for some or healthcare for all, the answer is pretty obvious. The only discussion is how. FRIEND: whats up WIFE: my husband is doing some dumb hobby where he makes swords out of cardboard ME: *from basement* ITS CALLED A KATANA iPhone X iPhone iPho iP i iM iMp iMpea iMpeac iMpeach Trump This is Oscar worthy I dont know what you guys are talking about, Ted Cruz is great One time Hitler got so mad at a video game that he invaded Poland and started World War II Can check WHERE MY GIANTS FANS AT Goth Eli Manning YOU: I have kidney stones ME: howd you do that YOU: do what ME: get your kidneys stoned YOU: ME: YOU: ME:can I have some of your weed COMPUTER ENHANCE Who are you rooting for in the Philadelphia-Washington game? I'm pulling for a meteor to hit the stadium #PHIvsWAS The Cleveland Browns have just officially been eliminated from playoff contention Good info Thread my wifes divorce lawyer: why dont we just get them to arm wrestle? me whispering to my lawyer: do something You took out 5600 turtles in Mario [me looking at god] is that good or bad? [slowly trying to move from joke account to serious account] since we stole the ponytail its only fair horses take one of our hairstyles whoever made this sign has the highest expectations 911 operator: stay calm trapped in my mazda 3 with a wolf: no can drink like five beer and feel fine but after one glass of red wine im like shauna is kinda spelled like iguana [whispering to coworker who liked my status about having to put my dog down but never commented] so you like dead dogs do ya meghan? [coworker barging in my office] can I ask you something? [me clicking off the santa tracker website in april] is it about how to knock jeff? [halfway thru getting my tattoo of shaggy] I meant the rapper me: *looking up how to make amazing meals at home* also me: *checking to see if I have salt* [guy who does our lunch runs at work passing me my second choice] still no salmon at wendys [the undertaker's theme plays from the bathroom for the second time] wife: what's going on in there? All crows are boys. No one reply with Sheryl please accidentally squirted my windshield washer fluid while its raining out and im embarrassed to death donny stealing rickeys chicken burgers after stabbing him with a screwdriver has me rolling cant wait to say suplex city bitch at work tomorrow [priest sees me approaching him again] look man we cant make you better at fortnite [friend who setup me up with his cousin on the phone] just be cool tonight [cutting breathing holes in a box for he girl I like: im into musicians me: sounds like my ex wife! my buddy was in athens for work last week and the cops got mad at him because he addressed them as the greece police my entire standup routine is me saying yall like fish sticks!? then getting my friend to pull the fire alarm couples therapist: did he really? wife: yes me after being accused of eating dentastix: this is a witch hunt boss looks at me then at girl from human resources: there's gotta be something I can do hr girl: well you can't fir other bank robbery hostage: what do we do? me sitting at 9780 steps for the day: let's rush him kids competing on cooking shows are the worst [calling work after accidentally tapping the switch that adjusts the drivers seat] yeah im gonna be a few hours late why didnt anyone tell me last man on earth is such a great show friend who just won the lottery: wow 5 million dollars me about to bring up the bag of chips I bought him last week: 4,999,998 dollars holding a picture of my wife dressed as garfield during halloween: this is all I could find guy at the newspaper do I put in actual effort in setting up a stream come hang out with us (only if youre a hero) bad enough I gotta spend 8 hrs a day here five days a week let alone see this bullshit in the break room I believe in the saying look good play good thats why I took a shower come drink and watch us play pubg [hugging widow after getting up to say something] I didnt mean for that to rhyme I had no clue childish gambino was donald glover people with the right amount of teeth seem like they have too many teeth imagine watching a game at your house with tony romo co-worker: you should write a joke about tide pods for your fancy twitter account me realizing he kinda looks like come watch me make up excuses on why I die in pubg *calls ex wife three weeks after the divorce* what kind of yogurt do I like? guy who names vape flavours: how about Evan Berry wife holding newborn: how about just Evan like a meme? [icu doctor looks at me then at nurse then back at me] yes your wifes lung infection is viral like a meme when your dead in pubg but call out a guy for your buddy to shoot the reason mechanics tell you to come back later is because the first thing they try is blowing into it like a nintendo game [bachelor party] dont be nervous brent its all about the bride anyway they get all the attention [me showin up to c coworker asked me how are my holidays but I thought she asked how are my abilities and for a second she was my favourite coworker dreading having to tell my family that my latest investment Chubbys (funeral home) has failed looking out from the kitchen at the family members you dont like the way the grinch stares down at whoville girl in walmart just asked her friend why its so busy. right on dating: its cute that you dont eat all the chicken off a wing marriage: theres like $1.75 worth of chicken left on those bones, meghan gonna play pubg on xbox and yell its buggy every time I die I also have Xmas lights. come hang out loud noises scare horses [wife now whispering] get it out of the basement [friend right after making me listen to rudolph the red nose reindeer] see, none of them were named Murph [unknowingly mouthing the words of my wish before blowing out the candles] friend: why do you want a ponytail? wife: good morning me looking for any excuse to feel bad for myself: I dont know how to squeal tires saying things like this too shall pass and no rain no flowers to my boss after she fired me for selling the photocopier a wedding band playing killing in the name of at a wedding but instead of saying killing in the name of they say Wayne and Linda in love looking like a lumberjack and drinking beers come hang out a christmas parade but its going the speed limit Please follow the good boy he once had too much bread with his soup and is finally being punished but ya hate to see it gonna drink the beer and play the #fortnite come chat with us [daughter during dinner] can I get a two piece this summer? [assuming she means chicken] of course son: dont try to be cool at career day tomorrow. just talk about makin envelopes ok *writes WEEZER on my dress sh everyone loves the smell of a new baby [coworker at the air freshener factory] yeah but vet thats been working on my pet monkey: I know this probably makes me sound like a hack but I dont think he should jump on the bed anymore me on phone: this is the worst possible time to dump me margaret tattoo artist: im not quite done so I could make it say I love margaritas start your thanksgiving off by watching canadian guys play video games really well (skill level to be determined) [cornerman sitting me down after the first round] ya gotta stop telling him youre diabetic he doesnt care investors: we love the board game and well help if you change the name me holding a box that says pinch a bitch: no I went to visit my parents and within ten minutes my mom told me she catches my dad watching cartoons lol boss: but milk drunk means when a baby drinks too much milk and gets all sleepy me calling off sick: its the best way to describe it me listening to coworkers discussing where to order from after I suggest chinese got all the good beers and we are hanging out come hang with us like a goddamn hero friend: you say controversial things to seem interesting me: no I dont [me at a party two weeks ago] santa claus probably smokes [at work the day after wishing my life was more like a video game] morning brent morning diane *accidentally jump just watched first season of Fargo so Ill be talking in that accent come hang out friend who lost his job: what a week me after starting a netflix show where the subtitles blend in with the background: tell me about it [surgeon in the recovery room] in addition to the hernia we also found $20 in change [me who's always been a good tipper] you're welcome me: little early to be going door to door isnt it? come back this evening paperboy: what just gonna assume all cops are regular people dressed as cops for halloween. sure Ill stop stealing milk officer for the first time in a year and a half go listen to a new its the Halloween Special [showing date how to eat a lobster] pull the meat from the claw. good. now get your ketchup ready we have pumpkin beer and dying in the woods! come hang out and talk to me (gonna listen to thriller a lot) I coach youth football and spent 2 weeks preparing them for our first game. we got called for a penalty on the first play and a kid cried wanna see something spooky? come to and hang out (no one come and say its my face please) police chief: you are using the police dogs wrong me watching a dog bark at a criminal in the interrogation room: give him five more minutes friends arguing with each other! I also hit a glass off my tooth. come say hello [commenting under wifes facebook status where she thanks everyone for coming to our sons bday party] do we have any mustard? [girl at grocery store checkout] nice costume...pirate? [going with it because im in a hurry] yeah I dont think I do ok im gonna ask the waiter please dont [ignores date and looks at waiter] think a clown would taste like cake? [nodding my head to the beat] kinda catchy isn't it [doctor taking stethoscope off my chest] it shouldn't be this is a perfect read for today I'm gonna drink beer and talk about lahey while playing games come hang out (if you're cool) netflix: we are putting in a skip intro button guy who makes intros calling his wife: I don't know what we're gonna do linda my neighbour ryan: I was at a zombie walk we all dressup and walk around downtown me holding an axe: I wanna believe you ryan I really do [wife about to ask me to keep my halloween costume simple this year] hey [me about to tell her I wanna dress up as despacito] whats up? accidentally got mini gummi bears instead of reg size but that wont stop me come hang out titanic but with Jackie Chan so he like fights the iceberg? no everything is exactly the same wife at her cousins wedding: no lying to try to impress people me: ok wife after talking to her aunt: did you tell diane you play saxophone? starting to panic at work because I had a note folded on my desk that said adult bananas and now it's missing [staring at the menu in mcdonalds] is it too late for breakfast? we serve breakfast all day now ok gimme two big macs and an orange juice 90% off ray bans?? No. but I'm streaming and i just discovered the Tennessee whiskey song come hang out I have a raccoon in my backyard and I'm avoiding it by streaming come hang out (unless you a raccoon) where did you get them pants? [wife goes to answer but stops then narrows her eyes] you're not going as me for halloween again are you? me at family reunion: im sick of you being called the cool one brother who once attended a taping of the price is right: it is what it is if you play fantasy football listen to these guys I also hop on to tell you how not to play fantasy gonna stream video games and drink beer like an adult come hang out me looking at a pumpkin from multiple angles with a what will they think of next face on wife: have you been letting this raccoon live in our house? me: no animal control guy: ok then why does he smell like old spice? entire office in an uproar cuz a coworker was showin off her mom necklace her kid bought her and I pointed out the kid was 4 months old streaming for a bit. I'm wearing a hat backwards and have been ridiculed by most of the chat for it girl at work just described snapchat as the yellow app with the ghoul ever try to beat a raid using lfg? Well I'm losing my mind come watch [while listening to halloween sounds cd I bought] spooky huh [friend on road trip with me] yeah but got anythin else its like a 6 hour drive drinking beer and trying to beat a raid with 5 of my friends come in and yell at us (don't yell at us) [me at work the day after starting narcos on netflix] I see you're drinking coffee there marlene most likely columbian [ten minutes into watching narcos] I could do that lady in line at bank interrupting my story: wolves...werewolves me: what lady in line at bank interrupting my story: you keep sayin werewoofs gettin to first base 1984: kiss on the cheek gettin to first base 2017: suckin toes playin video games on the internet and just talked about fred durst for the last ten mins fred come defend yourself son: this is so awkward me: having the talk is important and is only awkward if you let it be bus driver: the kid is right I have heartburn but I'm drinking the good beer come talk to me and my friends me: I wanna be a good streamer also me: *eats sunflower seeds on stream* I bet at least one person vacationing in the Bahamas called the front desk of their hotel and asked what time does the beach come back everyone at party: do your dan mentos impression me: I had a dream I was beating up a baby cow and woke up with a sore calf let's drink and play video games come chat to me and my friends. you can insult them imagine being at a wedding ceremony and someone yelling she ain't got no ass and then a brawl between the families breaks out go wish my best buddy a happy birthday. Send me a screen shot of you sending something funny or nice to him gonna stream in the day time like some sort of person with the day off come talk to me grinding out and levelling up in destiny 2 with friends. Moving like a silk scarf. Come talk to us gonna finally play destiny 2 in a few hours but now we are drinking and making fun of each other come hang out w/ us had fun talkin with the guys from dog butts and my Jesus sighting were the main topics. Listen here hey car people what does the garbage can about to shoot itself in the head warning light mean? [wife walks in when im putting a lemon inside a chicken] good idea. that will add nice flavour [my heart racing] umm ah yeah august 31st 2017 also known as the day I made the receptionist at the dentist curse I spilled soup in the bag that i take to work today. come talk to me while I play video games welcome to the first ever brent comments about young people's things like to start this series off by saying new Taylor Swift song is good the chicken in my wife's spicy chicken burger was bigger than the bun while mine was smaller and I know ill bring it up in a future argument Mark Bruffalo let's have a drink and hang out while we play video games we can talk about fries I was texting with my friends about wizards and accidentally sent the words a form fitting cloak to a girl I work with six minutes into the first episode of peaky blinders and the only dialogue I've made out has been tommy.tommy drunken zelda time! come hang out me: I meant physically genie: oh imagine the only way to get a boob job was from being on a donor list [wife walking in kitchen after waking up] good morning [me looking for a fight] what do you think the dog's favourite colour is? I remember when I was 12 I introduced a friend of mine to another friend as the kid that could do a back flip the invention of the internet has pretty much disproven my claims of being on the dream team me writing a cheque: and who do I make it out to? stripper: me I guess if you play fantasy football listen to they're knowledgable and funny. They are gonna destroy me but I'll beat Bucky we should follow because of the aunt tweets gonna do something I said I'll never do. I'm gonna play a black ops game come watch me curse a lot just noticed that the grocery store cashier that I call rat bites drives a nicer car than I do someone in chat just called plain chips standard instead of plain I'm giving them hell. Come join me I read that you should treat every night with your wife like your first date so after the movie tonight I'm dropping her off at her parents I go on vacation for two days and the dolphins sign Cutler and now Calvin Johnson is watching practice [ex gf in the er] is this a dramatic attempt to win me back? [doctor I gave $275 holdin an xray of my heart] no it's definitely broken I ziplined all day and now I'm gonna drink beer and play video games for people on the internet come hang and talk me: im sorry I tricked you but since you're all the way out here we may as well finally race lifeguard: no Happy birthday proper gadgie I would follow my car's gps to the pits of hell drinking beer and playing video games with friends for people on the internet come hang out (got a haircut) [addressing rumour my wife had an affair with a monkey] that's absurd [friend watching my son just zippin around the playground] ok man you have unrealistic expectations for people like who? my grandmother is a good example a baby could throw a tighter spiral you should come watch me play video games and talk to me I need a haircut what if someone offers me drugs at this party just play it cool ok [me to guy in tank top 10 mins later] no thanks I had a big lunch I named tonight's stream thicc like a pontoon boat so it's gotta be good destiny trials and beta come hang out [bad guy fakes right then goes left to run past me] freeze! [grabs walkie talkie to warn partner] be advised suspect moves like the wind im on vacation for 2 weeks. I'm drinking beer and getting yelled at by my friends come yell at them me: shania twain dominated 1997 guy who made fun of my shirt: just let me off the elevator, man gonna try out the brand new Destiny 2 beta. I really dont wanna hate it. come hang out [roommate watching me after my gf leaves] just tell her. she probably loves hair [me taking off bald cap] im in too deep now I don't care if a building is on fire if it has a hand sanitizer dispenser im stopping to use it [tattoo artist talking loudly after remembering I told him to keep going if I pass out] IM GONNA PEEL THE STENCIL OFF NOW I bought the hard to find beer and am playing Zelda again come hang out (despacito will on on a lot again) The left sandal is the flip and the right sandal is the flop. This isn't debatable. im playing the new Zelda game and probably gonna listen to despacito 12 times come join me you guys should check out & doing a charity stream for go show some support bartender: congrats! me after a buying a playstation earlier that day: thanks man girls there for bachelorette party: he was talkin to us [waiter after taking two minutes to describe my dish] enjoy [me covering most of it with ketchup] thank you [paramedic working extremely hard to bring me back] we can't let this guy's last words be despacito guy at my surprise party in charge of telling people im coming: he just pulled up. hide! [20 mins later] he's just sittin in the car cryin news reporter: so you really saw an alien and aren't just saying that to get on tv? me with better haircut than usual: yeah that's right I was told to stream bioshock so I'm gonna try to stream bioshock. come hang out and watch me love it or hate it [while being tackled by police dog] what's his name? it's my birthday and two nice gentlemen are gonna try to help me do something I haven't been able to do in two years [trying to pry apart frozen burgers with a butter knife] tell me if anyone is coming [other masterchef contestant] no we are gonna try to win the monthly NHL 17 playoffs for the first time. come boo us (cheering is an option also) [robber waving gun around in bank] nobody move a muscle [me making eye contact with him then to the popsicle in my hand then back to him] Gonna start off with the new zelda and maybe some overwatch or dark souls. come hang out and chat [trying to break the awkward silence] it's warm today [waterslide lifeguard waiting for the signal to tell me to go] yeah hanging out and playing breath of the wild and possibly some trials? come hang out (please dont yell at me) [responding to trash talk during pick up basketball game] my wife has a bad back so I doubt that happened Here's a pic of the time I let my son get too close to the wolf cage at the zoo during the winter [camping two days after watching friday the 13th] are you trying to get us killed? [wife taking off bra in tent] what? gonna hang out and try Breath of the Wild on switch...come hang out and watch me be bad at Zelda the reason they're in a rush to put you to sleep before surgery is so that everyone can take their gloves off chimpantzee may have been a mistake [me out of breath] yeah I might be shooting a rap video so what? [wife home 20 mins early] is that why the dog is painted like a cheetah? [introducing coworkers as they walk into work like they're a starting lineup] shes 52 only owns 3 outfits and still owes me SIX DOLLaRS if you come out with us you can't lie about making your own soup those days are behind me [girl at bar 45 mins later] oh cool, what kind? life isn't stressful enough so im gonna play dark souls for a bit. Come hang out what happens when a guy with no patience and isn't good at video games tries to play a very hard game? come watch [wife lying to her mom on phone] no he doesnt practice stand up anymore [me in basement walkin back n forth] people be lookin like they dogs [coworker answering my questions on my first day] yes, we get 30 minutes but we call it a break not recess b4 I pat you down do you have anything in your pockets that could hurt me? no [forgetting I have a copy of the dvd My Girl in my pocket] I left for like a minute last night and this is what happens let's drink beer and talk while I play video games. starting with hockey [guy im fighting at bar momentarily stops hitting me] did you just try to tag your friend in? *hashtags pics of me doing a jillian michaels workout dvd in my basement with #eatcleantraindirty* daycare teacher: I thought the old lady swallowed a fly song was made up guy whos grandmother inspired it: it upsets my son when you sing it come hangout and have a drink while I play video games. It's a thing I swear. thank you for sending me the Raphael one he my favourite [me walking behind girl at gym] come here often? [her getting off treadmill] weirdo I got fired from subway for pretending I was hosting a cooking show me, steve (idiot goof) and are going for it im on my way to a salt n pepa concert [trying to make small talk on the bus with a guy three seats away] do you like doing *mispronounces sudoku* here's a clip made of me forgetting to load my gun while being attacked by a wolf I hate it hi kids thanks for having me for career day. much like *gestures at cop* fighting crime I as well face many dangers at the shampoo factory come talk to me while I try to survive in the woods in #thelongdark (wearing purple please don't call me grimace) [halfway through giving my son the talk] open the binder I made to the sounds section me to man that saved my life: your quick thinking saved our lives skydive instructor: again, everything that happened was supposed to happen [her thinking to herself in the restaurant] he seems nice and normal [me thinking to myself] she let the waiter twist her pepper 8 twists?? [manager at subway closing his office door after he told me to have a seat] you gotta stop wearing the visor outside of work [trying to make up my best man speech on the spot] he's 59. Switched to #thelongdark and trying to survive in the woods in the most beautiful game [bartender getting frustrated] just come back when it starts man [me looking for a quick soundcheck six hours before karaoke] just two songs me measuring doorframe with my arms: it doesn't make sense because we got it in here no problem other pallbearer: let's try twisting it before google you had to hope you ran into a doctor at a party or somethin to ask things like why you cough when you push a qtip in too far [two doctors arguing while operating on me] someone google if it's juggler or jugular vein [cops explaining everything to my wife outside the zoo] your husband is being charged and those charges will change if the horse dies happy birthday i hope we can fight to the death one day you should go follow my friend who is super creative and makes my twitch life much easier come drink beer and talk to me while I die a lot in #limbo (sorry this tweet isn't about trump) my son or not if you wanna work for the family business you'll be interviewed like a regular person *calls his reference and my cell rings* I fixed my issues NOW come watch me die in #limbo (I still write jokes im allowed this too!) [waiting for translator to tell me what the chinese businessmen said while we wait for the meeting to start] they've seen breaking bad yes [other movie extra] the director said just to pretend to talk in the background [me holding fake gun I found on set] try to kidnap me JAMES COMEY.jk but since you're reading come hang out and watch me wreck* fools in #overwatch (*not guaranteed) spent all day teachin my son about baseball b4 his 1st little league game and when we got there a kid on his team was wearing a bathing suit [getting defensive during my interview after being the first voted off survivor] we needed food and at night dogs look like pigs apparently I just said this morning that money is tight until payday [me lowering tailgate on truck] you're not gonna find a better deal on onions [whispering to one barber so the other barber doesn't hear me asking again] are you just gonna throw the hair out afterwards? [trying to make it work with this really good looking girl that I have nothing in common with] ok what's your 12th favourite juice? going to drink beer, talk to you guys and solve a murder from the 1970's. join me coworker: whoever hit the flamingo that escaped from the zoo and kept driving is a monster me late for work: maybe that monster tried cpr im going to beat this game that I hate and it better be good. #outlast has beaten me mentally. come hang out glen the drummer: we either change the name or im out me: looks like you're done glen the ex drummer of Rat Bite: you'll regret this me: I have a crush on paige davis from trading spaces wife: he worried the anesthetic would make him say stuff dentist: he didnt have it yet [on phone with wife after she sees a facebook status I tagged her in] yes or no? no brent im not fighting a girl at your work good mood me: its ok you broke my fav mug I'll drink coffee outta any mug me tryna pick a fight days later: guess I'll have some tea I guess wife smiling outside son's room as she listens to me tell him a bedtime story until she realizes it's just the words to bohemian rhapsody [me on the highway assuming OnStar works the same as Siri] OnStar what was the name of the character that had sex with Stiffler's mom come watch me yell at my tv while playing a scary game #outlast [whispering to son before he goes in mcdonalds play place] in about ten minutes pretend you're stuck so I can go in there I saw a cape in the dryer you're not gonna try magic again are you? no [an hour later im choking on the three of clubs in the basement] had a few beer and trying to survive #thelongdark in the canadian woods. watch how I die [overhears my roommate whispering on his phone] he thinks the bottom of the bagel tastes different than the top me: how bout a show like greys anatomy but at an animal hospital producer: they're all vets? me shaking head no: they're all animals did you ever get married? [wife looks around her old gym at high school reunion and sees me debating if I can touch the rim] no me: chimps scream and show their teeth to intimidate their competition softball teammates: other teams are complaining man we'll miss everything about brent except his pranks they were the worst [hears everyone at my funeral agree and I shift nervously in casket] maybe Lisa Mitsubishi is only funny to me and that's ok me on 1st day selling cars: does she work here? coworker: no me: the customer asked for her coworker: they probably said lease a mitsubishi lots of bad pizza opinions being forced on me by in dm [notices wife's birthday cake says happy bday adam] this isnt what I ordered [kid about to blow out candles at his party] who is brentlover? they're sunglass contact lenses they're new [friend who set me up with his cousin] well she was terrified of you the entire time [on phone with son] remember grimace probably weighs over 400lbs [son at mcdonalds waiting for his interview] they probably won't ask that Would appreciate if some of you would go vote for these kids. thank you. [me yelling to the cameraman from cops as I get taken away] edit the part out where I tried to do a flip I will go for a long drive if montreal loses tonight im no good at video games no one is at first just give it a shot alright *presses start and mario just sits down* I apologize for the lettuce joke *gets out of bed first so wife has to make it* these playoffs are gonna kill me and it's only game 1 You're all not ready for brother turning into fish jokes [showing date a picture] that's me and my brother at summer camp [showing a pic of me holding a big fish] and that's us after his accident [microphone guy whispering to camera guy as they film episode one of my survival show] seems kinda early to be drinking piss [me talking loudly at dr's office where the cute nurse works] it's probably a hickey [doctor talking just as loud] it's definitely psoriasis you remember things like potato wedges cook at 375 for 25 minutes but not our anniversary 425 for 20 and you know how busy june is Me weighing myself at the gym in my underwear like a boxer: im up this week Curves employee: this is a Curves why'd you leave med school? [me debating lying or telling them I thought a guy with a bone sticking out his arm got stabbed with a bone] going to spend the next hour trying to survive in the canadian North in #thelongdark from [coworker during staff meeting] brent wears maternity jeans [me comfy as hell] no I don't me: hips like a canadian goose girl in club: is that good? come watch me try to survive in the canadian wilderness (die in dumb ways) [tattoo guy peeling the stencil off my back] you must really like big macs remember when you were skeptical about my homemade ant trap but apologized when you saw a dead ant in it? yes [shamefully] I added the ant you're drinking too much milk I doubt that [doctor pointing at xray] this area here is all milk any xbox one destiny players wanna raid with me and my friends tonight? it's most likely gonna be ridiculous. [a loud action sequence gets suddenly quiet and all you can hear in the theatre is me talking to the guy next to me] sell me your popcorn *comes home from poker night earlier than usual looks at wife while picking up the dog and leaves without saying anything* [backstage at a concert] hey guys you mind signing this? [next day at car dealership] rascal flatts is your cosigner? and the winner of best documentary is.Agoraphobia: Our Story *camera pans over to like 7 empty seats* [typing autopsy report after lunch] weird, seems the killer spilled some coffee and part of a sandwich inside the victim I came downstairs for a zip of juice and noticed the tv was gone so I called you guys [cop stops writing] did you say zip of juice? you don't need an xray I know what it is I just wanna be sure ok fine [hour later dr points at xray] and there's the splinter [arguing with wife who briefly dated a guy that designs lego sets] sorry I'm not craig there's not gonna be a 2nd date really? I thought it was going wel*juice from a gusher squirts from my mouth into her hair again* it's nate's birthday today. please stop by, follow him and wish my hilarious friend a happy birthday the sign said you sell worms here sure do, gonna do some fishing are ya [in rehearsed voice] yes I am [drifting off to the sound of a crackling fire] this relaxation cd is nice I didn't buy a relaxation cd wanna try again? [looks at the director while trying to catch my breath] yes ok. taking candy from a baby scene take two [to the kid im babysitting] no because it's adult grape juice check out the funny on this months bouncer rushes in to break up the fight in the corner of the club but it's just me dancing *bailiff address the court* it seems judge brent is running late [thunderstruck starts playing] never mind you always try to start trouble when we go out not true [me in a bar 2 nights ago] the laser gun was better than the spread gun in contra waiter: when you said you shouldn't order dessert and I said you only live once I assumed you were watching your weight me $8 short: no [to shoe salesman who keeps glancing at my feet] can I get these in a 5 and 12? pretty lame that your dad named you after his favorite wrestler from the 80's technically Mr. Fuji was a manager are you high? [bear grylls melting cheese on a squirrel at 2am] no me: let's do this guy im about to fight in a bar: is that a shield? good news and bad news. bad news is the dog pissed on the bed we don't have a dog *smiles getting ready to deliver the good news* I never know if you're being nice or trying to insult me what? *scrunches up face and gives wife $80* why dont you go get your hair done he makes me wanna fight him everyday but he makes me laugh everyday too please follow my funny friend other job applicant: good luck me: im gonna tell the boss you hate his hair other job applicant: what me loudly: I actually like his haircut spoiled the mood by getting undressed like mr rogers *using the flashlight on my phone* I'd say you're fully dilated *mentions bear attack* a bear attacked you? I don't like to talk about it ok *seconds later I get date to stand up* pretend you're the bear your family hates the way you talk you'll wake up and stop *hypnotist snaps fingers* well? *opens eyes* sleepy as hell up in the bitch *doesn't turn down whale sounds relaxation cd while being pulled over* [after losing to wife in scrabble] you're overreacting *packing an overnight bag* I just need some time to think kids say I get special treatment because you're the coach I'll take care of it *next day son opens letter informing him he's been traded* [hours into interrogation] I won't do it this time promise? yes ok start from the beginning inn west philedelphia born and rai [nurse struggling to read doctor's handwriting] it either says take two pills twice a day or watch me hit this fadeaway date: so you work from home long armed steve: technically yes be mature and just let amy pick who she wants to go out with no ken *turns to amy* ken once tried to order sweet potato fries at McDonalds is that blood or ketchup? ketchup how is that even possible? *surgeon stops making incision* I don't know *brings up how cool paintball guns are four days before birthday* check out the NEW w/ me & guest [hears wife approaching while I read son bedtime story] the prince hugged the dragon...[hears wife walk away] ok, basically a retweet is whe just because I had surgery doesn't mean I want you waiting on me.I can look after myself [later that night] I sure could go for a plum *offers to mow the judge's lawn* son what's a diss track? you record a song making fun of someone you don't like [two days later at dentist] listen to this after I leave when people say different color bell peppers taste different [doctor nodding] I meant anything bothering you physically you're too polite I am not [two weeks earlier while my house is being robbed] sorry he doesn't usually bark at strangers *marriage counsellor turns to wife* even though most of that was lyrics from kiss from a rose will you accept his apology? *attempts a finisher during a bar fight* just go in and act normal. when you make the buy we'll bust in I got this *walks in and says hashish twice in the same sentence* I don't get why you have to call my wife *librarian ignores me while on phone* your husband is here trying to check out a book about ramps *eating dinner with roommate two days before payday* try not to think of it as pigeon you sent our son to a play date wearing that? I don't see the big deal you never do *son walks in wearing alf shirt* are you guys fighting *looks at the guy at the end of the bar* is there a reason you keep staring at my wife? freak *grabs urn* lets go hunny [going over the plan with the other wrestler before the match] I'll pin you after the fourth kiss [playing play-doh with son] don't tell your mother I had to use two jars to make her very unsupportive friends hey brent how was the fred flintstone contest thing? [in a somewhat decent fred flintstone voice] I finished 4th you seriously don't know what im supposed to be? no *walks slow with arms straight out* im frankenstein it's not even a costume party we're done why? cuz im in a gang? it's a stupid gang *flips collar on my 'the Coca Cola Boys\\ leather jacket* im outta here you don't like my ringtone? it wouldn't be so bad if your phone didn't ring every 5 mins you're exaggera*sound of a chainsaw starting* a bear on a shark? that's crazy [me adjusting paintball mask] it's too bad we aren't on the same team date: yeah it's been six weeks, I promise this isn't a prank tv show *smiles and winks at security camera pointed at my cell* oh ok guard *calls office back after setting up job interview* did you say at noon or on the moon? [giving best man speech drunk] he didn't know bruce wayne was batman till the 3rd movie *wife unbuttons top button on shirt when we get pulled over* I'll handle this *we speed away when the birds fly out* *pouring champagne for a model on my yacht* he wanted to go with ice is nice baby I suggested just sayin ice twice and the rest is history *tapes set list to stage during karaoke* allergic to mogwais I bet before I sell you this house I have to tell you it's haunted. The ghost isn't dangerous but it's a dick *toaster gets put on dark setting* *stomps feet twice and claps over and over until everyone at the funeral is doing it* we will.we will...miss you [to the girl in stall next to me] did I mess up or did you? *looking at camera* im making this video for you son in case something happens to me *first hour is me practicing the kick from karate kid* [roommate following me down the hall after I told him the date he setup for me didn't work out] what do you mean you drew her? happy birthday hope it's a good one *makes charlie brown reference* *stands up when judge walks in* oh great, the mean one *judge walks in and sees me* oh great, the crier [trying to calm down person who called 911 to report a possible intruder] just relax. do you see the killer now? Beyonc Milk Hotel what's wrong son? that kid said he's cooler than me what? impossible. what kid? *in my head im like don't be the kid with pegs on his bike* brent use the shallow end why you're not a strong swimmer I am so *jumps* [doesnt surface because I have $1.75 worth of change in my pocket] Im leaving for work now have a good day sweetie *holding briefcase full of water balloons* oh I will [sees cute girl with a dog] can I pet him? sure *asks girl out while petting her dog but I just put on sunscreen so my hands look gross* [fighting with wife after our guests leave dinner party early] I didn't say it was porcupine, I said I've had it before and it's delicious you ordered lobster knowing you'd have a reaction and wouldnt have to pay? *winks at paramedic but he cant tell because of all the swelling* yes officer? we've had complaints about an alligator oh? *my eyes follow his to the raw chicken in my hand & we both take off to my pool* how'd the date with brent go? remember when james brown acted all weak and some guy would put a cape on him? yeah that happened twice [to lifeguard for second time in same day] thank you [sits by coworker after giving presentation for entire company] how'd I do? you could see your def leppard shirt under your dress shirt *thinks about the end of a walk to remember so I can cry at your funeral* [wife answers her phone at work] hello?.yes this is his wife.is everything ok?.what happened.got choked out in a burger king?! you get upset over everything no I don't *sees son walk by with ice cream cone* jesus christ is that maple walnut and orange pineapple? BRAND NEW with me & guest brent don't drink too much and act like an old lady at the party tonight I won't [two hours later im loudly giving out a fudge recipe] [date smiles as I pour more wine] it's like you're trying to get me drunk for something brent [me selecting 2 players on mortal kombat] haha how did my husband's surgery go? he's fine but for legal purposes I have to tell you I sneezed in him date: why don't we call it a night and just reschedule? [being attacked by wasps again] don't be silly the only way to win this trial is to make the people feel bad for you ok *shows the jury my clients high score in tetris* [concerned parents looking at the ride I built for my son's party] is it safe? yes *kids go on and welcome to the jungle starts playing* I'll cook dinner tonight are you gonna pretend like you're hosting a cooking show again *takes out fully cooked dinner I made earlier* yes [at lunch with coworker] any plans for the weekend, phil? taking the kids to a waterpark I love waterparks cool *mentions it twice more* [on phone w/ wife] where are you? work no you're rehearsing with that dad band aren't you dont be sill*everyone starts playing Paranoid* damn, tim just walked in he always thinks we're up to something [tim raises his eyebrows] what's up guys just eatin subway I see fine. if teaching your father in law to dance is weird then I guess Im weird, melissa [wife gets home from getting her hair done] I hate it Im sure it's fine, take off your hat and let's have a look Im not wearing a hat we're up for the same promotion and I go in 1st but before the door closes you see me pointing at you and mouthing tried to sell me drugs *adjusts tie* business *tightens belt around gi* casual [reeling in big fish and turns to friend] you got the net? yes ok, google how to get this thing in the boat you're lucky I can teach you how to shave my dad wasnt around to teach me. now watch *presses razor against face and moves head up and down* [badly dancing to mambo #5 with unimpressed date] I told ya the DJ would play it again [wife hands me her drink at party] off to the bathroom, you ok by yourself? yes [she sits on toilet and hears some guy yell LETS BEAT HIM] we haven't been intimate in awhile just not in the mood lately it's because I thought the garden hose was a snake last week isn't it look pal im a surgeon it takes a lot to gross me out.*guy eats a grape with a hair on it*.jesus christ they're not gonna let you in the club with that [trying to keep balance on unicycle] we'll see me: im gonna try date: please don't *jumps in air and tries to do a 360 even though I didn't land a 180* [leaves break room after gluing all the muffins together] hi evan hi brent I brought muffins I'll try one *nearly loses it* good luck becky? uh yeah brent, panthers class of 2000 no sorry I asked you to prom oh brent! how are you as you can tell I haven't dropped dead if Montreal can't win the cup I hope Chicago does [wife replies to text that I found a genie] dont do a thing im almost home [she pulls up and the car from the cars movie is in the driveway] why's dad on the court he got picked to try a halfcourt shot to win $10000 think he'll make it *I start bouncing ball with two hands* no [car breaks down] im calling a mechanic you don't think I can fix it? I didn't say that I can fix it ok ok *accidentally pops trunk* [son interrupts me while Im telling the story about how I proposed to wife] what does all that and a bag of chips mean? you're acting weird is everything ok? everything's fine [breaks down crying 2 weeks later] the dog licked one of your earbuds 2 weeks ago is my wife right? am I ruining the dinner party? *lights candles around ouija board and waits* [sarcastically from the back of the church just before the bride starts saying her vows] NICE TEETH [out for dinner and notices the vegetables are touching the meat] I can't eat that guy at subway: I can't make it any other way [sees gf's 9yo son playing basketball in driveway as I pull up] hey big guy *grabs ball and travels before missing jump shot* your mom home? therapist: you separated a week ago and won't go back until he learns to do laundry wife: yes me in what I wore for halloween: come home [me and date both put our arms on armrest at same time while at movies] you can have it you sure? yes *rests arm on top of hers* [robber taking off mask in backseat] unbelievable, you're never driving the getaway car aga*gets interrupted by drive thru speaker* [waiting for date to get ready] im almost done no rush I'll just play with the cat I don't have a cat [opening a cat carrier] oh I know [clearly frustrated with the dentist and his secretary] I was told I would be able to keep the teeth happy birthday have a good one [roommate watching me get ready] dont take that with you why not why would you it'll be fine [hour into date and I spill my bag of ants] [me and wife switch so she has my pajama top on and I have the pants] you're right...much hotter [waiting with friend for his test results] Im nervous Im sure you're fine *sees 2 doctors playing rock paper scissors outside room* a hunger games style competition with and .who would win? [wife opens front door 2 weeks after I promised not to write a movie about us] brent who's this *points to woman that kinda looks like her* want to be able to finally understand all the sports? read this by you're sick huh *boss clicks on facebook pic of me on a slip n slide* well I hope you feel better [me having the time of my life] thank you [wife tries to open bathroom door] robot brent: im in here wife: why did you program him to use the bathroom? flesh brent: I'll talk to him [looking at job interviewer's desk while shaking his hand] I see you got my flowers [wife opens grocery list and realizes it's my rap battle lyrics] oh no [me to some teens in parking lot] eggs and bacon I gots y'all shakin be normal tonight ok [at restaurant] 74...75 *lays down last french fry* 76, four less than you don't create a scene *creates a scene* you agreed to a second date if I didn't embarrass you again. to show appreciation *points at date from karaoke stage* this one's for you [owner of aquarium runs from octopus tank into break room] who's good with knots? ellie: I've been thinking and this isn't working out between us me: smelly ellie: pardon? me: that's what me and my friends call you *drops scalpel again* just put on small gloves, doctor [defensively] I wear mediums alright? [making sure wife knows Im upset with her] what's up oh nothing *turns on xbox and puts in a one player game* (for this to work pretend im married to meatloaf's daughter) *in bed after wife turns off lamp* what was it your dad wouldn't do for love? I'm here for the job interview ok where is everybody? you're the only applicant *lets gut out* you sure? yes *stops using british accent* you spent our rent money on all these? yes I want you to leave fine *grabs bag by wrong end and 189 oranges pour out* sorry for getting mad at you for messing up common phrases *shakes coworker's hand* all swell that ends well [pretending i'm a sports announcer during birth of son] me: the wife with a big push wife: stop color commentator (my cousin): yowza brent we're gonna have to let you go I respect the decision and will be mature about it [later from cop car] I LEFT MY LUNCH IN THE FRIDGE [teaching daughter how to make my much talked about scrambled eggs] you wanna put enough in so they get a piece of banana in each bite [after a quick google search to be sure] son, bologna comes from an animal it's not an actual animal you ran from the cops for 6 hours not true *holds up defendant's fitbit* explain how you burned 7000 calories that night then [waiting for my lawyer after being arrested for shoplifting] do you want coffee? yes do you take milk or sugar? yes I d.no I don't oh and this well and from make me laugh check them out yes this is how we talk [in the break room pouring myself a coffee] are these candy on the table for everyone? do you even work here? [shows up late for work again] you better have a good excuse *so out of breath the only words I can get out are aggressive crow * [novelty store boss confronts me in my office] we think you're stealing money from the compa*fourteen giant checks fall out of closet* *doesnt know what's going on in the movie because I'm eating chips* how does the defendant plead? my lawyer isn't present at this time *cut to me trying to parallel park* nervous? as long as I don't get the urge to rap battle the interviewer I'll be fine [job interviewer comes out] Hi, Im Mr. Yousabitch *dials 9-1 and hands phone to son* if things go bad dial 1 ok? I love you dad I love you son *walks in burger king with expired coupon* *shifts in seat every time lady ape is shown during planet of the apes* I didn't know it was possible to teach a dog to shoot a gun I was a fool, just keep packing *breaks ten minute silence* was bam bam the boy or the dinosaur? the boy ok *gets text from friend how's the date going?!?! * [sits son down after he didn't win science fair] son, tomorrow some will call me hero others will call me guy who fought a teacher [answering my date's question] no I didnt have the time of my life your obsession with dirty dancing ruined the whole night. now put me down NEW w/ me & [twin brother pretends to be me so I can go out with the guys] brent can you pass me a fork? sure *opens like 4 drawers before confessing* [at a party] andy serkis is coming who? he played smeagol Im touching him you know he's human right *we don't say anything for 20 mins* is brent going to the wedding reception? brent doesn't go to wedding receptions why not? his wife was one of the girls in Mambo No.5 [meeting gf's friends] here he comes he rides a motorbike? it's his worst quality [sound of bike whipping by] that and bad with directions is it true you test your cosmetics on animals? absolutely not *prettiest rabbit ever hops on stage* this press conference is over I don't care if you taught it to communicate we're not keeping it *ape signs is she always like this? * *limps into bedroom* don't do this [wife stops packing her stuff for a second] I warned you not to fight the paperboy if you're bored go listen to this weeks it's funny why can't I come to your party people think you're weird well where are these people *pretends to use telescope* because I can't see them *wife leaves for work but has to come back for her purse and catches me wearing her glasses* if anyone knows why Greg and Shannon shouldn't be married speak now or forever hold your peace HIS NAME IS CRAIG [looking at my sons as I lay in hospital bed] people will mock you about your father dying from a seafood allergy. I want you to fight them [wife staring at me after telling her how my job interview went] what do you mean you cursed [wife watching me talk and hoping I don't bring up dinosaurs] I called steve t-rex and like a t-rex they're both dead. let us pray [shampoo headquarters] any new ideas? sea berries do they exist I made them up we used every kind of berry this is a sad day for shampoo *laughs so hard milk comes out of my nose* co-worker: are you ok? [horrified face] I haven't had milk since last week [walks into a gathering of my friends who want to confront me about dropping out of school] what's this, some kind of interjection? [makes a basket 20 minutes into basketball game with my friends simon, jeff and bernard] 2-2 [on phone with principal] Im calling to report my son being bullied at lunchtime are you the guy who sent his son with perogies lol [talking to tower while trying to land plane after pilot passed out] IM NOT GONNA PRESS IT I JUST WANNA KNOW WHAT WOULD HAPPEN IF I DID it's neither the time nor the place because you'll lose permission to arm wrestle the defendant, your honor look, the zoo will buy you a new ice cream but they're not gonna put the monkey down [staying calm so the police leave] ok MOTHER's DAY SPECIAL w & me! [during birthday party for wife] I thought I said keep it simple? sh *waits for national anthem to finish* *picks up fork in restaurant* do these seem longer to you? what? no they're fine *gagging sounds* here's our vacation plans show me ok but don't go on about it being expensive ok [starts reading and spits coffee] bed AND breakfast? *sees wife taking credit card statement out of mailbox and jet scooters away* [emergency room] I walked into a cloud of weed smoke when I passed a group of teens and wanna be tested for everything how much is this car? $28,000 I'll give ya $21,000 for it no that's too bad *opens bag of chips* wow there's a lot of chips in here I got fired today what? why? no idea you have no idea? nope Im confused when did this happen? between pre break break and break [to firemen rushing into burning house] the cat's in the basement and there's a banana loaf on the counter Im sure you're a great lawyer but I have some concerns I promise by the time your trial starts my braces will be off [wife groggy at plastic surgeons] how do they look? there wasn't enough in the account what? we'll come next week for the other one [family reading my will] I was never very fond of you people, that's why I wrote the rest of this in wingdings waiter: did you guys save any room for dessert? me: strawberry cheesecake and two forks please wife: why can't you just eat stuff normal [coworker walks in my office] you cryin? [thinks about how it took 4 tries to rip a grey nose hair out] that song from titanic was just on go follow *buys dip and regular chips for party* I wanted ruffled these are fine [wife over the sound of snapping chips at party] this is a disaster *watches grandfather trip and fall* *takes advantage of his sloppy defence for an easy lay-up* *brings up that I wanna be cremated twice during same date* *closes menu* I hear the *pronounces gnocchi like it's spelled* is good here. I'll get the *pronounces gnocchi like it's spelled* EP #60 w & [4 hours into car ride with wife] it bothers me how you always interrupt me and how forgetful you a- *making u turn* I left the stove on [pulls up to restaurant from last night] why we here? no reason is that a scale? yes don't do this THERE's NO WAY THAT WAS 8 OUNCES [to a guy next to me while looking at my portion size at the jurassic park restaurant] looks like we'll be extinct next [at work] what's wrong with brent? he uses humour to mask pain and his dog died yesterday [im making copies wearing huge novelty sunglasses] [at the irish border] did you say your last name was O'dell or O'dile? [nervous leather skinned tourist] O'dell [dinner with her parents] I have a black belt that's interesting in imagination [giving my statement to cop] its not the first time I've caught him on my property [mailman giving his] I dont think he knows how mail works [walks in classroom to see janitor writing on my chalkboard] what are you some kind of good will hunting? no, you spelled february wrong [on way to play charades with gf's family] I don't wanna go why I don't wanna look silly you won't *first thing I have to act out is pasta* [3rd date] how's your food? fine would you say you're lovin\\ it? [after finishing last in swim meet] me: there was some stiff competition out there reporter: why wouldn't you take your shirt off? *walks in meeting to pitch movie idea with my twin brother* batmen [talking to phone sex operator] im thinking about blanche's head on dorothy's body *jeopardy interview segment* I once caught an old man haunting an amusement park sounds like a scooby doo episode [nervously] well its not [robot brent at club after spilling a drink on himself] I'd dance but im probably rusty [flesh brent to girl] I programmed him to say that here's a story written by you all should read it [texting coworker] better hurry the meeting starts in 20 minutes on my way just gotta shave *bigfoot walks in 6 days late for the meeting* wife: at least I know how to fill out a cheque me: you promised you wouldn't bring that up therapist: lol *calls girl to ask her out while in the tub* it's not littering if I plan on coming back for it later and do you? yes *cop huddles with his partner* I'm off to the store got your wallet? yes you sure? YES *hour later wife turns on news and I'm being chased by 6 cop cars and a helicopter* I have work in an hour is this gonna take long? [chameleon plumber wipes feet before coming in] you won't even know I'm here [boss walks in] where's brent? out sick why paper cut what! it was from cardboard oh, send him a fruit basket [whispers to boss while his boss yells at us over something I said] looks like someone didn't eat *forgets to pronounce the k in breakfast* [raising my voice during an argument with police officer] I GET SICK IF I SIT IN THE BACK the doctor said I have a mcdisease that makes me say things like Im at mcdonalds [friend very concerned] is it mccontagious? Im sorry [standing at the casket] I don't know what to say just pretend he's still alive *lifts his hand up by the wrist and high fives it* ceo of big company: let's meet at the restaurant in my hotel tomorrow morning teen businessman: I don't eat breakfast mom why does that sign say lions gone to break because your father took us to the cheap zoo *gorilla walks by and you can see its zipper* fine I need a real man I am *wife pulls bookmark out of my book* no you're not *debates cursing but doesn't* why would you do that? she played volleyball in grade 5 and 6 #SteffaniGillard they called that movie a walk to remember because they saw bigfoot on their walk *gets on one knee* I know you say I'm not romantic and have bad timing but will yo[monster truck show starts and everyone cheers] agent: sesame st still haven't called back about a contract the only guy who knows how to operate the snuffleupagus nose: I'm not worried you ok brent? fine are you mad I told people that you bake when you're upset? *aggressively takes delicious cake from oven* Im fine ok you're mad because he rolled doubles and you don't think it should count because one of the dice rolled off the board? correct, officer *pulls out electric shock joke pen and smiles at my client* here, use mine your honor friend: I cut my finger his friend who was sued by the band aid people and lost: I'll get you a fabric dressing strip creepy veterinarian: your cat is in recovery, he'll be asleep for awhile little old lady: ok creepy veterinarian: wanna see a broken snake? [takes wife to park where we had our first date 10 years ago] me: [hiding in a bush] I had no idea they turned this into a paintball field [to son before going in house] remember its opposite day wife: how was go karting? son: dad didnt take off his helmet and throw it at anyone [making return at best buy] cashier: may I ask why? me: I found it cheaper elsewhere cashier: *sighs* go ahead me: more like 2nd best buy [gf and her dad fighting about me while in kitchen getting the dessert] it's time he sold that silly dirtbike [from dining room] STUNTBIKE son: there's only big spoons clean wife: oh no, your father me: [drowning eating a pudding cup] dog trainer: you should be proud me: I assumed you were training behaviour dog trainer: you assumed wrong [dog walks in wearing black belt] guy I hired to break in: [waving gun] grab your purse and leave wife: ok [guy looks at me] you relax for the afternoon me: you're a monster [waiter in kitchen] table 4 said there's no shrimp in their fried rice [biggest shrimp you've ever seen wearing chef's hat] did you explain? [date notices all the hair in my car] you must have a dog [lying] yes [to my friend that is holding a helium balloon he got for his birthday and about to get into my smart car] are you trying to kill us? Ben: I'll never understand why country music is popular Ben's friend who cant believe peach juice became a thing: know what it reminds me of the funniest person I know is you sure you know how to make these? [friend handing me fake id] you tell me justin happy birthday have a good one! [rookie detective notices splatter on wall in kitchen and speaks into recorder] the killer boiled spaghetti sauce at too high a temperature [at funeral] my phone is vibrating want me to create a distraction so you can answer it? no, are you craz- *points at casket* HE BLINKED don't be difficult tonight what do you mean? you know how you are you're crazy *notices gf's dad is left handed at dinner and throws up* interviewer: you got the job first person ever to give thumbs up to indicate satisfaction: *gives thumbs up* interviewer: whats all this now [picking up friend] sorry Im late I got a flat and had to change it you did? by yourself? you sound surpris*airbag goes off for no reason* [on phone trying to convince girl to take me back] are you still a liar who pretends to be an evil villain? [from deep inside volcano] no [after being made fun of for building a robot brent] robot brent: whats wrong flesh brent me: flesh brent has something you don't.feelings [in dark room looking at xray] doctor: no breaks, most likely a sprain vampire: I'll probably need a transfusion [at the doctor's office] your blood pressure is extremely high I was watching someone play mario [writing own obituary before going to the zoo just in case] his hatred of lions was well known and dreamt of fighting one two of them NEW #56 w/me & [day after watching show about 8yo inventor that made his family millions] dad, can you reach the cereal for me? [sarcastically] yeah sure [at my funeral] I wasn't sure if you wanted these are these from the accident? yes *friend hands wife my rocket skates* she figured out a way to make peanut butter cups at home that's her hide to understand check out by wife: guess what? me: what wife: someone said their first words today me: that's great wife: well [from high chair] what's crackin cop: any idea how fast you were going? me: no other cop who spilled coffee on radar gun: do you have a guess? [couples therapy] see, it's this stuff that bugs me brent, how does that make you feel? *can't answer because of ice cream headache* [telling police what was stolen after a break in] some cash, dvd's, tv, wife's necklace, son's xbox, son's other xbox he keeps in my room [wife holding empty can of hairspray while getting ready] weird, I felt like I just bought this [me looking fabulous] that is weird Check out this really cool auction set up by for autism awareness and donate if you can [dinner party after getting out of prison] are you adjusting? yeah good. would you like more pie? sure *wraps it in my sock for later* fired? for what? you're always sick and never complete tasks that's absur*makes face like a sneeze is coming on but it goes away* NEW w/me & lets go out no the ronald mcdonald thing? yeah you look nothing like him fine lets go [outside a kid approaches] will you sign my hamburger? [wife while im in a coma] when you wake up I'm gonna cook you you a big meal *flatlines* fine we'll order pizza *beep babeep babeep babeep* any plans tonight while Im at work? just a few buddies over to watch the game [wife remembering last time] non animal buddies right? [son gets pulled over while im teaching him to drive] let me do all the talking son ok *son rolls down window and hands cop his cellphone* I hate when keet is right catching someone taking a selfie in their car is the new catching them picking their nose in the car this article by made me laugh and is my favourite thing he's written [principal's office] based on your attitude I can see where your son gets it from *snaps fingers three times in V pattern* excuse me? [trying to avoid awkward silence on first date] you ever see a horse throw up? no *smiles and turns phone sideways so video gets bigger* [in hot air ballon and notices another ballon headed right for me] no[four minutes later]oo *boing* I DOUBT IT WILL BREAK THE MACHINE Im getting the manager yeah go do that [manager comes out] you the guy asking about a big mac mcflurry? [surgery on dave who's a video game character] blood pressure is dropping we're losing him *stops operating while his health regenerates* *brings up wife's follower count during argument* [talking into dog's mouth] don't panic about? the dog ate my cellpho*call gets dropped and five seconds later the dog starts ringing* people at dinner party: gross im gonna be sick monster someone call the cops steve who served eagle: why don't we all just calm down [beach wedding] bride who did all the planning but knows nothing about tides: I do groom: *gets swept out to sea* *banging on the bulletproof glass that separates the front and back seat in a cop car* THERE's A SPIDER BACK HERE *getting ready to skydive and notices im wearing son's backpack* that means *son goes to get his math book and gets sucked out of bus* you all should be following at this point #FF do you have change for a twenty? no I can totally see that you do I said I don't ok *we spend the rest of the lap dance in silence* [dirt bike won't start] looks like I'll have to stay here tonig*date is already calling me a cab* what are you doing? throwing this stuff away, you take co-ed softball too seriously and im done that better have not been my rookie card NEW w me & *shaking my lawyer's hand after being found not guilty* told you there's no such thing as too much crying I know you don't wanna move so I said the realtor was coming today just to see if you'd try to ruin it [in kitchen dressed as ghost] I see [my restaurant for cats is packed] this was a good idea I was skeptical nothing can ruin this [sound of can opener comes from kitchen] son, have a seat what is it, dad? your mother is sick I know right no, I don't mean at making sandwiches this time *friend grabs my water bottle at the gym and takes a squirt* no don't is this a shirley temple? go wish Dr. Claw ( a happy birthday. while you're there feel free to insult him and compliment me. [two of my ex-girlfriends talking] did he ever move the pieces of p- pepperoni on a frozen pizza before he cooked it so he'd get more? yes *whispers to lawyer and lawyer shakes head no* do it *lawyer sighs* objection, we had no idea the jury was going to be in such good shape me: can you give people maleficent horns? genie: if you wish friend alex that didn't offer me any of his chips: don't be a dick, brent like it or not, robot brent isn't going anywhere [wife covers phone and looks at me] shush! *stops playing ping pong* let's go, robot brent [watching movie with wife] does he have to be here? hey pal, how about some privacy *robot brent sighs while getting off couch* [funeral] she was the best magician's assistant I ever had and she will be missed *pulls casket apart in two pieces* [fish swims up to crush at school] prom is coming up and I was wonderi*entire school shoots off to the left* [at date's house] I'll be ready in a few minutes, make yourself at home ok *doesn't pay her water bill* [wife reads about a break in at the local aquarium and runs to backyard] you didn't [me opening the pool in february] didn't what? I really like #FF its been 25 years you need a new cd for the car here take it if I do are ya gonna pull it away and say u can't touch this like last time [job interview] you mind if I take notes like about the company and stuff? be my guest *glances at interviewer's hair and starts writing* NEW #53 w me & I had $1.75 on this table and now its gone maybe you spent it or maybe he stole it you're being paranoid so you're taking the cat's side [jeopardy] the 3rd largest island in hawaii *rings in & tries to pronounce oahu 8 times* I pass alex *family stands up in audience & leaves* we have to fire dave why? he's too vague I never noticed [dave walks in] hi guys how are things? *they both look at each other and nod* [park bench with girlfriend] so you're dumping me because you don't think Im smart? yes brent *starts raining* great and now sky water [after getting married too soon] what was that I sneezed why like that like what *holds finger up* one sec *eyes slowly close* AH-SNEEZE [me & friend about a girl we both like] she wont pick you. you're bad at describing things yeah? you're like putting on a wet bathing suit [space mission studying behaviour of snakes on the moon] astronaut: we should've taken our own astronaut holding net: just keep looking let's go to that party no why you know why no one cares about that fine [stranger at party] haha do you still have your baby teeth? your husband needs an xray which is expensive is that necessary? yes really yes if you say so doctor *skeleton wife reaches for purse* I can't do this you agreed to be the pallbearer A pallbearer not THE pallbearer [widow starts crying] if you loved him you'll find a way [woman at restaurant notices her ketchup is empty and points to ketchup on table next to her] do you mind? *hard of hearing mime nods yes* [boss holding tomato at the tomato naming factory] boss: suggestions? me: red pleasure boss: meh dirty suck up alex: beefsteak *boss nods* a duck bit me last week and I've been repelling water since. I can't get wet [doctor pouring fifth cup of water on me] it's so frustrating [with lawyer] what do I put here? the reason why you're filing for divorce *thinking how she opens chip bags upside down* I'll check other [wife drinking coffee from her WOW mug] so you didn't break the mug the kids gave me and then try to fix it? [me stickier than usual] no [head of spy school buzzes secretary] send in the next applicant I sent in a guy named brent 15 mins ago you did? *plant in corner smiles* [ex-wife approaches me at mutual friend's party] I see you haven't grown up [me holding her drool stained pillow from years ago] I have not I know you're stressed about bills so I got a 2nd job brent you're not stripping again *pays for dinner with 57 $1 bills* now hear me out [stranger at bowling alley looks at me then at my date and then back at me] I didn't notice if her foot was over the line, sorry NEW w me & I wanna fight that guy why he said I have terrible timing and always ruin stuff where is he? next to the girl in the white the groom? *writing in diary* I regret inventing the monkey translator they're huge assho[robotic voice from basement] did you smell his breath today [family hears me pull in driveway] wife: please don't wrestling announcer: sorry ma'am he already paid me. NOW ENTERING THE HOUSE FROM WORK [wife on phone w/ friend] he's obsessed with hide go seek and talking like a teen [from under bed] someone sounds peanut butter and jelly *turns to copilot before first ever flight after cheating my way through pilot school* is this an up to go down...down to go up plane? *judge going over my dish on cooking competition show* what's this? green pepper, chef and this? the sticker from the green pepp-damn [coming home from work after being teased about having a male housekeeper all day] housekeeper: hi brent me: DON't DO MY WIFE's LAUNDRY OK [family reunion] I hope our mean rapping uncle doesn't show u[from patio] YO YO WHAT UP BELOW AVERAGE HEIGHT FOR A MALE LIL NEPHEW HOMIE [kidnapper hands wife phone] brent BABY IM COMIN *kidnapper takes back phone but she can hear me yelling* IS THE HAM IN THE FRIDGE EXPIRED Check out Giraffe Cops created by the funny the immaturity and the copying are my main issues I say in a whiny voice as my wife storms out of the counsellors office *tries to leave when wife walks in kitchen* you're avoiding me no Im n-*she grabs my chin and turns my head* did you pierce your nose? [waiter takes my wife's menu] and for you, sir I'll have the salmon will that be all? *looks around table* can you bring some ketchup Just getting rid of some drafts. [british plastic surgeons] you want liposuction yes 150 pounds sound good yes [in recovery room] woulda been funny if we mixed up and lbs wanna do lunch? [coworker who thinks work is a tv show checks watch and sees there's 2 mins left in the episode] gonna have to be next week [the day after watching a documentary about a guy with no arms who does everything with his feet] cop: do you know why I pulled you over? surgery to keep eyes from popping out like in the cartoons is pricey how pricey *doctor shows me and my eyes pop out like in the cartoons* *wife sees me home from work 6hrs early eating a sandwich* why are you home [chewing] the guys at work found out my shirt is a boys large *wife sees me grab emergency kit from trunk after getting a flat tire* calm down brent just call a tow tru*I'm already shooting flare gun* I've read that you can track animals *reaches down to taste poop on ground* this way [wife sighs while putting up lost dog poster] ok cool [roommate hears me come in] how was the date? [face sucked back and teeth showing like im skydiving] apparently, Im allergic to shellfish [having daughter's new boyfriend (who I think is a caveman) over for dinner] so dave, how is work? *lights candle and watches his reaction* [while watching wedding video] you paid for special effects? what do you mea- *buncha explosions go off behind wife as she walks down aisle* [principal's office discussing school talent show] but it's part of my son's act I dont care fine *lifts sack labelled snake: the big one* [before dinner with wife's boss] dont argue about which aunt viv was better, ok? ok [before ordering] look pal I promised my wife i wouldn- [wife demanding I get a job] babe, the mon to wed 9-2 thing just isn't me it's mon-fri 9-5 *has to sit down* [lawyer presses play] your husband left a video will [opening scene starts and I'm dressed as angel] [doctor explaining why our newborn talks like a 24yo rapper] Im not sure [from stroller as nurse walks by] ay yo shawty what dat mouf do? bored? Listen to & *buys joke ice cube with spider in it* want a drink? no, I just wanna pick up my spider. thanks for pet sitting *big grin* I'll go get it old high school friends: you came to the reunion to tell us winning the lotto hasn't changed him? butler: also he'll be arriving by elephant [in super competitive voice to guy next to me] last time I was here I had 3 cavities [to psychic gf] the spirits you talk to make fun of me don't they no [she laughs for no reason] AhH *punching the air* FIGHT ME SPIRITS *notices wife didn't sigh but smiled at a comment I made at the tv* son here's $6, you and your brother go to the store girl from online dating site for divorcees: I'm gonna get pie for dessert steve who jumped into the site too soon: know who made great pie [police station] are any of these men the one who robbed you no you didnt look don't need too *sighs* so you're sure it w- a dog? yes that was & check it out!! finally got my IHOP tattoo!! now to take a refreshing sip of water and check twitter by age 35 you should have $11 Me in 2008: technology is out of control. What dumbass would put personal information on the World Wide Web Me in sorry i said big mood while you were having a severe allergic reaction to peanuts My date: : Stop. Please stop saying that. i can't take it anymore. It doesn't even make sense Me: mood. me: hi person who's been working out more lately: wow thanks so much yeah i feel great Looking back, the best thing about growing up in the 90s was if u fucked up and spilled a glass of milk on the dog trust me, we hate ourselves more than you ever will ever go to text a friend but u see the last text was them asking u a question a month ago u never answered so u decide to make new friends how dare you question the journalistic integrity of a cartoon owl on twitter!! Me when meeting someone's baby: aw cute how old Mom: aw thank you she's 129 thousand minutes old. would u prefer we literally gave Apple our fingerprints and are now worried that companies have too much of our personal data lmao NO COLLUSION if you don't then you love me ah crap is this even Lined up right fuck it whatever there is no serving size for grapes. Just keep eating until you're almost dead. therapist: good, good. now say it with confidence. me: NO DESSERT JUST THE CHECK PLEASE THANKS 2013: omg hahaha a major brand's twitter account used the word bae 2018: the Wendy's twitter account just told me to go fuck myself. aA When I'm having a great time but remember all the things I'm currently procrastinating on The only thing uniting us as a nation, whether republican or democrat, is that we are all going through a lot right (brings date to the bedroom) will you check under the bed for monsters RIP Stephen Hawking. The mean IQ of Earth inhabitants just went down 20 points. love to connect with my fans it's Sunday night which means it's time to set my alarm for 6:30am and hope to die in my sleep waiter: have you decided me: yes, we'll have the garbage bag that smells like scraps of salmon and coffee grinds club sandwiches are a kind of lasagna don't @ me the guy who named vitamins A, B, C, and D was in a real fuckin hurry huh the main advantage of having a mustache is nobody knows what your fucking deal is (being murdered) hey uh... (i want to mention that i don't want to be murdered but i don't want to be perceived as being even 1% difficult) The size of an animal is directly related to my enthusiasm for seeing it in the wild, for example: Deer: wow such Date: are u on twitter Me: yea u Date: yeah what's ur listen this isn't working out God: have u gathered 2 of every animal? Noah: yes God: including the dinosaurs? CUT TO: NOAH RUNNING FOR HIS LIF hear me out - the flu isn't fighting the flu when u get a flu shot - but thanks for playing . is it ok to marry a gun (an attractive one ) Personally I think that all teachers should flat out be replaced with a bag of guns sawing a person in half is not magic it is first degree murder pal, the only people that are allowed to talk 'sexual to my wife are me and her boyfriend hands down, my president gets horny for the hottest women. hotter than any women Obama got horny for. This is commo You, 90s millennial: (posts pic of a bowl of oatmeal on twitter) BIG mood Me, wise 80s millennial: no. that is nut me: hi guy over 6\\0 : whats good Im 6\\4 btw. waiter: is Pepsi okay me: ya it's basically the same thing anyway CIA agent listening in: take him out the opposite of Outback Steakhouse is Infront Fish Apartment. my wife left divorce papers on the counter this morning 2000 years ago: god: i shall sacrifice my only son so that all may have eternal life Today: god, watching us eat tide pods: jesus christ (leaves a romantic trail of tide pods to the bedroom) funny how if you add 1 pound to supposed (reported) weight his BMI goes up 0.10, from overweigh Merry Christmas to Shia Labeouf only the unholy trinity Me: if there are infinite parallel universes with infinite possible situations doesn't that mean theres one where t i'll take what the fuck for 200 alex The more buff i get the larger my dog gets. Help imagine having to look at yourself in the mirror after disposing of your most basic moral instincts to vote for a pedophile and losing yeah sex is great but have you ever (the dirt above our shelter shakes from another nuclear wind) someone sneezes near me in July: god bless you kind sir someone sneezes near me in December: give my wife this not generally speaking, when a server from Outback Steakhouse secretly marries a server from Texas Roadhouse their families go to war Me: table for 3 please My date: i think he means 2 Me: (propping up ventriloquist doll i was hiding inside my coat) guess again me: hi craft beer guy: i am about to tell you a record number of shitty opinions over the next 2 hours every year the new sexiest man alive should have to fight last years sexiest man alive to the death in order to lit sort of strange that People mag feels the need to clarify that their pick for sexiest man is in fact alive my date: (sneezes) me: bless you. Btw if u were my gf i would never make you sneeze if you use your index finger to do literally anything on your phone you are over age 50. getting 280 characters is like meeting one of ur mom's friends from work. basically it's fine but i'd rather not (while being murdered) come on man i have a headache cop: sometimes i feel like i don't deserve love me: what cop: i said license and registration (posts i want to die on twitter) i feel attacked lmfao tbh same (posts i want to die on facebook) r U okay? Call me back Sending prayers all kidding aside, Halloween is a socialist candy redistribution scheme and i will not be participating. thank you and god bless handing out muscle milks to trick or treaters tonight. there are no off days during bulking season, kiddos monster mash is the only song with a rave review right in its own lyrics stranger things than what on ur first day in prison, walk up to the biggest guy there and give him a hug. he's tired of getting punched in the face by the new guys if u sneeze twice but only get blessed once I'm sorry but you're going to hell sir do u know why i pulled u over first of all i pulled myself over Facebook: 4 of your dipshit friends liked Clorox Disinfecting Wipes page on facebook for some reason so here's one of their ads my grandfather: i fought in 2 wars and raised 6 children me: i'm thinking about subscribing to Spotify but idk if i can do 9.99 a month lord please let me die before jackie chan i swear to god if any of you ever quote retweet me and go viral i will burn this place to the ground at golf today, a fox came out of the woods, sat over my ball, stared at me for 5 minutes & left. i know it's an ome God: believe in me and my son or burn in hell Me: ok Jesus: (fakes a punch at me) thats right bitch it is OK (making out with my date) alexa play Jurassic Park soundtrack Me: hands up, this is a robbery? 7-11 cashier: Therapist: what did we talk about Me: (firmly) this is a robbery. guys settle a debate for me what is the plural of judge judy my favorite part of Blade Runner was when his mom said Slow down. Walk. We do not run with blades in this house. (whispers to date halfway through haunted house) i only scream to protect u i passed my last 2 physics exams by writing Rick and Morty for every answer Waiter: have you saved room for dessert? Me: yes My date: no My mom: yes person being shot in the face: i wish u did not have a gun guy with a gun: please don't politicize this when 2 people wearing cargo shorts hug they temporarily create the most robust storage facility in the world Fall is here, which means: warm apple cider jumping in leaves cool autumn air Brenda please come back trick or treating ME: dude we gotta hang out soon. Is next week good? FRIEND FROM HIGH SCHOOL: ya man, totally. can't wait! NARRATOR: They did not hang out. there should be a special wing in every psychiatric hospital for people who go live on facebook ME: hey PERSON HOLDING A GREEN COLORED SMOOTHIE: your life choices are inferior to mine at any given time over 4 people around the world are eating a sandwich is Tiny House Hunters about people who seek out and murder tiny houses or about tiny hunters who seek out and murder regular sized houses i need a girl who: believes the earth is round flat and wants to do dinner netflix youtube conspiracy videos at my mom's house ted cruz def on his alt account tonight Me: siri why won't my iphone x unlock Siri: u put 0 effort into looking presentable today. Im not reinforcing that bullshit as a kid, Halloween was cool bc it was the only time you got to see inside of that one weird neighbor's house for a few sec you: wyd this weekend me: 2013: sure hope drake's new album isn't bad 2017: sure hope my cause of death doesn't include the words nuclear or catastrophic storm me: are u sure u don't want more shrimp my date: I'm good me: because it's endless just now realized that being grounded --like when your parents don't let you leave the house- is a reference to airplanes at the airport this is the vague facebook status that dude from high school who's always down on his luck posts You: (about to show me a video on your phone) Me: oh haha ya i've seen this already but def don't ask me any questions about it i wanna smoke whatever the people who got hype about seeing a bird and a plane before they realized it was superman were smoking RT if u think the Green Day guy should try n stay up for this one (whispers to my girlfriend during Cops) those are the cops yes yes i've listened to you talk about your favorite tv show for 11 seconds, now let me describe mine until you say you'll check it out ok last one Siri: fuck off Me: i didn't even ask a question game of thrones spoiler, ed sheeran dies there should be an 8 second open mouth kiss at the end of every round of boxing Me: i want to park my car in my house and place items i don't give a shit about anymore around it Inventor of the garage: i got u if you are goth you cannot put your arms in the air while on a rollercoaster Alright everybody it is now safe to look at the sun again (being murdered) dude faster. FASTER every night i get home from work i walk in the door and scream eat shit as loud as i can to let potential burglars know that i hate them it is ok to punch the following: 1. balloons (after the party is over and it's just you alone cleaning up) 2. nazis that's it for now me: hi person who just got out of a 5 week relationship: nothing gonna stop my grind to be fair, my grandfather always said some of those nazis on the beaches of Normandy were actually pretty nice on second thought, North Korea, just go ahead and do it i finished all my vegetables and mommy still won't let me have ice cream!! i hate her!! 2016: hell yea i'm the worst year ever 2017: hold my tiki torch we really need to do a find/replace of alt-right to nazi on the entire internet honestly would we be any worse off right now if instead we had a small fluffy dog as president when the label on the vanilla yogurt doesn't mention the spicy level you can have clappers for your lamps or have a spanking fetish. you can't have both skipping the gym today since we'll all be dust soon anyway . are we all going to die me (wise): small coffee please millennial barista, scrolling through pictures of participation trophies on his phone: Fuck you Judge: i sentence you to 10 years in prison Me: objection, your majesty Judge: no one has ever called me that before omfg still wondering how pokemon go to the polls failed to seal the win (opens door for date, like a gentleman) i have depression, mlady I'm extremely happy to announce that I've just been hired at the White House as Director of nvm i just got fired just spilled my glass of shitty bourbon onto my chicken tenders and created a TGI Fridays appetizer by accident push me to the edge my dudes, that's just called drinking alcohol Photographer: smile please Group: (slight smirk) Photographer: ok... pretend I just lost my health insurance Grou Me: hey Vegan person: you're probably expecting me to say Im vegan. But Im not. I mean, I am vegan, Im just not going to say that I am (angrily throws down $15 in Kohl's cash on table) this date is over go buy fantastic book Me: i make 6 figures per year My date: wow that's pretty good Me: yea. although most people call them figurines you begin to fade as the anesthesia kicks in. as the room goes black the surgeon pulls away his mask and winks. it's ed sheeran. Me: hi Person who just got back from Europe: It was life changing. thank you for asking more like Dr. Who is she game of thrones starts again, which means i will try a little harder than usual to stay alive for the next 2 months you can skip the karate classes and just buy a black belt. no one will care. when one of the characters says the title of the movie, in the movie your shitty indie band name = your favorite mythical creature + your deepest secret. mine is Giant Virgin sometimes this app is I.worked on this story for a year. and. he just.he tweeted it out. (the founder of Chipotle at his father's death bed) papa: always remember son, guac is extra chipotle guy: jesus christ i know this seemed so harmless at the time the average millennial feels cute only 40 times per year the CIA: Russia hacked the election putin: no i didn't trump: (big bong exhale) idk why but i believe him yo me: (reaches for the bill) no no, i got it my date, grabbing her stuff to leave my apartment: thank u for paying your own electric bill black holes are created when two lawyers sue each other at the same time my wife and i are having a hard time conceiving a highway so we're considering adopting it's time for a heart to heart here guys, hiking isn't a hobby it's just walking between trees how is fox considered real news when the anchors literally interview themselves her: where we going tonight me: it's a surprise unless you recommend it as a life hack i will assume your tip of advice is shit idk maybe weed really is a gateway drug that incredibly precise moment when the loud hit anyone who's ever written thanks for the friend request has disposed of a dead body. first day as a wedding photographer and i totally blow it by asking the bride and groom to politely tone it the fuck down dating in 2013: pizza is bae, right bae?? dating in 2017: babe literally kill me with whatever's in your pockets right now you can either be good at knowing about fancy beers or have people like you, there is no having both ok as a gentleman the first thing i notice about a woman probably is her right to reproductive freedom me talking to a robot in 2011: siri, how do i make a nice beef wellington me talking to a robot in 2017: alexa, please murder me thanks cnn i listed my ex as my emergency contact at my new job bc if i have a heart attack i need to tell kathy to burn in hell one last time can we at least agree that if it makes the k happy it's probably bad thankfully everyone who had their guns taken away will get them back today me: wow that song made me sad also me: listen to another one 2006: lol our president says words funny 2017: hope i don't die bc the president subtweeted kim jong-un i feel like this isn't the last time we're gonna see a trump lawyer standing behind a podium posted a really important video to my ig story. it has a really emotional twist ending. thanks kids today are so spoiled. i had to figure out life is meaningless way before tumblr if it's noon already and your mutual crush hasn't texted u first, u should consider the very real possibility that u died 11 years ago judge: and on the charge of clapping at inappropriate times, how do you plead me: notfucking guilty happy 2018, australia has anyone noticed that 2016, as a year, has been mostly not good i like to think that cash cab guy is still driving that cab, but like, in quiet self reflection now honestly is it too much to ask to die before my dog does i feel like there's a word for this phenomenon... something -privilege. i forget me: baby i would literally die for you gf: omg you're so sweet! me: to be fair, i would die for anybody. i just want to die all the end of year lists are wrong. Hannibal Buress kicking Flava Flav in the face was the only highlight of 2016 BARTENDER: what'll it be JARED LETO: i'll take a twisted tea BARTENDER: mr leto please don't say- JARED LETO: or as i like to call it. tea is trying on condoms before i buy them illegal or just frowned upon (taps mic) attention shoppers, life is meaningless (opens passenger door for date) u can throw those photos of me saving 6 children from a fire that totally aren't photoshopped in the back me at the beginning of 2016 vs. me at the end of 2016 i changed my mind, fox news is actually good sure all my friends are getting married and starting families but at least i'm slowly dying inside me: (lists 9 possible plot twists i think might happen on a tv show) (plot twist happens) me: i fuckin told u nice try,, terrorists thanks if u go to thanksgiving nude no one will talk about politics JOE: i'm gonna miss being Joe Biden BARRACK: Joe you'll still be Joe Biden, just not VP JOE: that makes sense i gue don't ask questions u don't want the answer to i guess me: wtf how am i getting life in prison for running over an eagle with my car my lawyer: again, that was the Philadelphia Eagles mascot it is truly incredible how often the party of People get offended too easily these days get so offended TGIFridays manager: what seems to be the problem sir Me (recording on vid): my server won't write trump on my plate with jack daniels sauce this christmas, rent a brand new Lexus, put a big red bow on it and park it in your married neighbor's driveway free my boy fireman: u need to go into that burning house, people are still in there me: (first day on the job) um sorry i'm not really into 'drama me: this date is going so well also me: tell them your twitter handle me: but also me: do it can we all just agree that everything is like Voldemort and move on to another analogy ah crap. wrong rally i'm not going to thanksgiving why do we even count the votes of states that are gonna be under water anyway been standing in the voting booth since 8am. legally this election isn't over until i leave date: why are u talking to me like i'm a news anchor me: sorry i do it when i'm nervous. back to you, karen. follow me on instagram, where i show my dumb face now ME [8:49PM]: on my way, taking a crab GF [8:50PM]: u mean a cab ME [8:52PM]: not exactly. be there in several days wow game 8 is gonna be crazy 2 adorable trick-or-treaters came to my door dressed as cops. both had real guns and have taken me to a police station but i'm playing along 2 mondays in a row now the cute girl at my gym asked how was your weekend and i replied nothing much. how am i allowed to drive a car i need a girl who: -manages a Red Lobster -thats it really. i have an expired coupon i want to use pretty sure someone just threw a dildo at tom brady wow. haven't looked at my drafts since 2013 when you've made ur son too powerful every time someone goes live on facebook mark zuckerberg releases one hostage PEOPLE OF COLOR: the system is rigged against us GOP: you're just not working hard enough. btw, the system is rigged against our candidate me: (wakes up from a coma) what year is it nurse: tbh u should go back to your coma ME: merry christmas. offended? sorry not sorry. PETSMART EMPLOYEE: okie dokie TRUMP: i grab women by the pussy A DOZEN WOMEN: yeah that's true he did it to me TRUMP: this is a global conspiracy lmao why is there a word for this when mom's embarrassing you at the parent/teacher conference chipotle employee: white or brown rice frank underwood: (to camera) the rice is irrelevant. but for now i'll play his game. when u tell someone u already saw the 12 minute youtube video they're trying to show u and they believe u if i can't practice my karate in home depot wtf was the point of earning my yellow belt so you're saying there's a chance this is your bedtime reminder that one random space rock could end everything at any moment was pokemon go just a weird dream i made a venn diagram i'm not sure i belong here but thanks did u know you can tell anyone you're a yoga instructor, literally no one challenges this my date: (watching me put butter on my creamed corn) me: so do u always date bad boys i asked my therapist if he thinks im ready to move out and be on my own and he said how long have you been living in my garage before tinder i used to mail 4 old pictures of myself to every stranger within 10 miles . what did you do to piss off trees as a gentleman i won't even look below a girl's forehead until the 3rd date how much does uber charge to have the driver to run u over date: so what do u do me: i'm a time traveler date: (gets up and walks out) me: (loudly) i knew u were gonna do that btw the rest of us are just assholes i guess kind of offended my skydiving safety instructor is assuming i want to survive this if the object of Tinder is for the user to put the minimum amount of effort into dating so u can complain that nothing works i am winning WAITER: are u ready ME: yes i am ready to die WAITER: actually, ok i keep my hands at 12 and 6 on the steering wheel in case i get the urge to make a sudden catastrophic turn off a bridge WENDY's DRIVE THRU: welcome to wendys can i take ur order ME: (out of my car w/ my arms around the intercom) do u ever get sad when wolves raise a human child no one cares, but when i raise a wolf as my child and send it to elementary school everyone freaks out me: are u having fun my date: sure me: (plunges back into mcdonald's ball pit) now u find me almost ran over 4 children playing hacky sack at night on a pitch dark street. Parents: please tell your kids that hacky sack is for losers im calling the police i'm wearing a GoPro on the back of my head to catch all the ppl who give me weird looks for wearing a GoPro on the back of my head it is not illegal to yell fire in a crowded movie theater if you light yourself on fire (cops wrestling megaphone out of my hands) Paul Blart should have been in Suicide Squad (3 minutes into date) my date: ok but who cares about a stupid gorilla me: i'm gonna make a U turn up here is that ok ME, ABOUT TO BE LAUNCHED INTO SPACE: actually i changed my mind guys NASA: ksh we don't copy kssh (lol fuck this guy) quick bedtime reminder that your life depends on your heart being able to beat steadily without stopping for several decades before bridges were invented people used to just yell hey fuck you water do u ever feel like you've overstayed your welcome on earth (on my deathbed) i wish i couldve left more youtube comments Tim Kaine is your holistic chiropractor who also teaches hot yoga on saturday mornings to the person following me around town with a drone for the past 6 hours while i practice on my unicycle: what are your demands i'll be on Superchat at 7pm EST w/ & more. heres a sweet preview i want someone to look at me the way bill looks at cory (stops in the middle of kissing) her: whats wrong, is it harambe again me: i should go. (donald trump falls into a gorilla cage) crowd: (gasps) zoo keeper with rifle: now hold on, lets consider all of our options my dream girl is smart, witty, attractive, and willing to ignore the autofill URL suggestions when she's using my laptop January 21, 2017, 9:01am, Oval Office: trump's top adviser: sir, we forgot about tunnels. trump: son of a 1. Cry into a towel because Karen left you i say goodnight to each one of my 226 pokemon by name (rides a majestic great dane into the conference room at Uber's rival company) guys i have an idea come join me & more in this group chat at 7pm est . can u weigh in on the taylor thing just saw a political video with some words in huge font on top on facebook and changed all of my opinions. how could i have been so dum feels like we could save a lot of lives by getting rid of deathbeds if u ask me (drops date off at her house) her: wanna come in? me: i have to get up early... (sees theres a pikachu in her backyard) me: actually (being carried out with the tide) ok day 3 of pokemon go: so far mostly still just sitting on my couch, spinning my character around in circles for 3 minutes and logging out im a fully grown adult and i still don't understand the exact act people are referring to when they say im gonna go wash up for dinner wondering if our openly racist uncles talk about their non racist uncles like u shoulda heard the non-racist shit coming out of his mouth a moth just landed on my ear and whispered Fuck u bitch, which sucks cause we were cool w each other before that i sleep with a gun under my pillow in case someone breaks in and accuses me of being rational me, while free-falling: (inaudible yelling) skydiving instructor who is attached to me: WHAT? me: DO U WANT HALF OF THIS MEATBALL SU (while falling down a well) god damnit i forgot to grab my phone charger date: are u ok me: (eyes watering uncontrollably) ya i don't blink til the 3rd date it's messed up how the emergency room turned me away bc i had no insurance and because technically it was a fashion emergency setting off fireworks on july 4th is too predictable. i'm saving mine for 9/11 (Ludacris's birthday) a nautical mile is how far you can run in a Nautica jacket before someone hits you with a rock date: where did u get that, i don't see that on the menu me: (biting into my corn on the cob) i bring my own corn on the cob if i was a sniper and looked through my scope and saw a terrorist a mile away doin the robot i would have trouble pulling the trigger odd coincidence that since i dropped off my rollerblades for repair 4 days ago i've been kicked in the dick 0 times question: turn-on or turn-off to shout oh god im about to brexit during sex jesus: hey guys, armageddon time. im back to defeat satan me: (taking a selfie with the doggie filter) hold on a sec. ok what firing squad guy: any last words me: i wasn't really a fan of The Wire tbh (one guy fires his rifle at me before the signal) ME: whats wrong MY DATE: nothing. MY MOM: should i drop you two off here or at the entrance we wot m8 -British guy coming out of a coma today well i guess at least the British can't hold this over our heads anymore. ok i'll bite... what is Britain babe (gets down on one knee) the wifi signal is much stronger down here commercial: .ask ur doctor if ur heart is healthy enough for sex (next day) me: is my heart healthy enough for sex dr: (undressing) yep me: what if some bugs speak english but they're too small for us to hear news reporter (holding mic): ok but did u see the robbery if u die in a jet ski accident u get to be a ghost on a jet ski, so not that bad dear god, please let me live long enough to see the ending of the game of thrones series. and also find a wife and have a family i guess i'm the guy who doesn't know u very well but uses the surprised face reaction to ur selfies on facebook ((game of thrones spoiler) what was the deal with that 4 minute kiss b/w jon and ramsay there should be a 3rd drive thru window where you can lie about how all of the food you ordered isn't just for you is there any reason we look in the mirror while brushing our teeth other than because it's there my friend wrote a book that made me laugh out loud on just about every page. cop: do u know how fast u were going me (extremely woke): speed limits are a social construct cop: step out of the car ordered a lyft and an uber at the same time to see which one would get there first to see me take off in my helicopter date: no thank u me: (holding out a bag of bees with a ribbon on top) ok no, thank u for letting us know u were able to find pleasure in the deadliest mass shooting tragedy in U.S. history CHILD: can u please just be mommy again, we're so hungry CHEWBACCA MOM: (chewbacca noises) fuck it. it's 5 oll. -guy who accidentally put the letter P in pterodactyl doctor: u have 6 months. me: oh no doctor: (hand on my shoulder) before ur next appointment me: phew ok doctor: also ur going to die hello, 9-1-1, i need to report a sick burn accidentally called out my dentist's name during my colonoscopy u could put a horse in a time machine and send it to any era and the horse's life would literally be the same (drops dead) lmao finally 9-1-1 what's ur emergency well i guess it's that one of my friends changed all of my contacts\\ phone numbers to 9-1-1. science says that the longer it's been since you last had sex the more likely it is that you're listening to Skrillex at this very moment ah crap has anyone checked on Steven Avery top baby names of 2016: 1. cayden 2. peyton 3. slay my ass 4. o shit waddup! 5. john doctor: congrats, it's a healthy baby boy me: thank u doctor. but will he be a nerd (reads smudged writing on hand during date) i just want to say that u look really preffy tonight they say it's important to dress for the job u want, not the job u have, which is why im wearing my darth vader costume to my shift at Arbys do u even know how many times you're going to open the door to a self driving car in the future and see a dog sitting behind the wheel [rips off bib] this date is over. [gets down on one knee] babe. this is gonna sound strange but i forgot how to use one of my legs thanks philly, i just pissed myself. horses are just goth cars imagine graduating from the police academy and then they tell u you're gonna ride a police bicycle me: so i got a new tattoo on my cat my therapist: do u mean of my cat me: sure WAITER: hi my name is dave i'll be taking care of you tonight LITERALLY ANY 60+ YEAR OLD MAN: dave. i have so much to tell u about my life back in my day we had this little thing called RESPECT where you asked a girl's FATHER before sending her a dick pic did u know if you email your boss ssuck my ass u don't have to go to work anymore been a really sad week. i have a friend who only communicates in memes now and we're considering having him put down ME: why dont girls ever say what they mean! MY DATE: ok this isn't gonna work out. sorry. ME: BUT WHAT DOES THAT MEAN the best part about being a tornado chaser is when u catch one it is extremely fatal how about a vending machine that puts a hand on your shoulder and says Dude. i wanna be as carefree as that facebook friend who comments on pornstar pictures and doesn't realize everyone can see it probably the best thing about your mom trying to set you up with someone is how easily u make peace with the thought of dying when at a restaurant i always ask what the chef recommends so i can say cool no one cares what the fuck are u doing. -my dog prob 90% of the day a bloodbath has got to be the least effective type of bath soup really pisses me off so i boiled all these soup ingredients in water to destroy them ah crap it feels fucked up that i'm nicer to whoever is scooping ingredients into my burrito bowl than literally anyone else in my life ME: i don't believe in life after death DATE: i do ME: yea totally. it's like, how could there not be something after we die me: if ur soulmate dies before u meet them do u get like a backup soulmate professor: i meant questions about the midterm ME: ur honor may i approach the bench JUDGE: u may ME: JUDGE: are u coming or no ME: it's weird. now that i know i can i dont really want to if you choke on your food at a murder mystery dinner you will die and everyone will clap (hillary grabs the mic to begin speech) o shit waddup!! GIRLFRIEND: i need to know how to make a pie crust ME: k why dont u just Bing it GIRLFRIEND: we should see other people. unbelievable. they killed jon snow and brought him back to life 13 more times tonight. the main wildling guy just facepalming the whole time ME: are u having a good time MY DATE: did u really bring me to your dentist appointment ME: listen i get scared when a girl messages me on tinder my signature move is to delete the app for 6 months whats cool about having a gym membership is they will keep charging my debit card after i die & i will continue to go there the same amount sometimes i go to the batting cages and practice getting pummeled to death Co-worker: May the 4th be with you!! Me: have u ever closed your eyes for a few seconds while driving when a cop asks u if u know how fast you were going the correct answer is always af oh cool, the search radius you set on tinder is also a loneliness meter i tried to record a chipmunk but forgot to switch from photo to video. here's what i got ME, TEXTING MY CRUSH: have any plans tonight? HER: no not yet!! i'm totally free and available ME: ok well have a good night whatever u do (being held up at gunpoint) lol u mind if i snap this one of those 60 second cooking videos but for how to cover up an accidental manslaughter how have balls survived evolution without developing a hard shell around them and what do u mean you're out of mcnuggets (getting pulled over) ok be cool. don't say anything suspicious COP: license and registration please ME: sleeping bags are socks for ur body nice i'll def check that out -95% of my lies crazy how Game of Thrones is the prequel to Friends (getting murdered) please i have a Sims family life is pretending that the peoples hands you shake haven't touched dozens of genitals then you die what if u woke up in the middle of surgery and your doctor was straight up doin the robot i had breakfast for dinner tonight, or as i like to call it, BRINNER hahaha i've stopped looking both ways before crossing the street got kicked off the PGA tour for turning to the camera after every shot and saying This is so dumb. someone: (4th time asking this week) yo what u up to tonight me: (21 hours later) sorry. was a hostage in a bank robbery, just got out. nmu why does it feel illegal to make eye contact with the cop next to you at a red light hey man- i'm sending you this email bc i lost my phone, which is why i haven't returned your calls. hope all is well Sent from my iPhone one of the worst things you can do in a fist fight is continue to eat your turkey sandwich if youre just waking up from a coma, facebook is now a 1 minute cooking video website i joined Scientology to escape Crossfit [donald trump wakes up from getting his wisdom teeth removed. his mouth stuffed with gauze] did i builded the big walls yet? PROBLEM: ur out of protein powder SOLUTION: stay calm. the most important thing is getting some form of powder into ur system. any will do if you play it cool & earn the trust of the guy who works at Build-A-Bear he'll show you the secret room where u can make your bear goth [stares at laptop screen for 3 hours with no actual objective] i wish i had time to do things if u hear ur roommate using ur beard trimmer in the bathroom but they come out and look exactly the same u should buy a new beard trimmer never get in a fight with a guy doing karaoke, (1) he has a mic for a weapon and (2) every blow he lands will sound much more devastating flames has gotta be the worst thing to burst into do u guys believe in love at first swipe funny how the title of Naked and Afraid implies that life is less terrifying when you're wearing clothes it's called a food court because it's where you sit and judge yourself for eating general tso's chicken in a mall my dad pronounces cayenne pepper as kanye pepper and i don't have the heart to correct him your DJ name is DJ + the thing that frightens you most. mine is DJ Walking Dolphins hello, this is the co-pilot speaking. the captain can't talk cause we both said hope we don't die haha at the same time and i jinxed him it's that time of year again when i start calculating the last possible day i can start working out before having to be shirtless in public ah crap. accidentally scheduled plans with two different people that i'm gonna back out of for the same night interviewer: where do u see yourself in 5 years me: mostly just killin it [i go for a high five but he's still taking notes on my answer] [swipes left on literally every single woman on tinder] god why will no one love me apparently your dog can pee on your neighbor's mailbox but as soon as you join him things get complicated, legally crazy to think how people born in the 1800s are over 20 years old now i had a rough day today but it's like my dad always said, thats a push door you fucking idiot if your date isn't going well u can always end it by asking if they want to read some of your poetry i don't feel like cleaning up after myself anymore so im labeling all of my messes as art exhibits and moving on with my life your 30s are basically your 20s with much fewer hit points barista: can i get your name please me: john, with an h (3 min later) barista: HJON? mother nature why just realized every time i've ever said im full, thanks though was a lie what if u met someone on tinder who used the doggie filter in all their pics but it turned out they were really just a labrador retriever a fun game to play at the zoo is to walk hurriedly past a person and say they've escaped. don't run. just walk very fast. i tried to ask a girl out today but i messed up my words and accidentally summoned a demon. anyway, whats a good first date for a demon good cop: WE KNOW YOU're IN THERE, WE JUST WANNA TALK me: NO IM NOT bad cop: damn. alright boys, let's go home. they say successful people wake up really early in the morning which seems true cause till recently i thought morning was a made up concept any tiny dot on my floor is a spider until i've stared at it for 1 hour and determined otherwise ladies, i'm the guy your parents warned you about being single is easy when you replace your need for human touch with burrito bowls INTERVIEWER: u listed creator in ur job history. u create anything i might know? GOD: ya ur freakin mom haha. no but seriously i made her just read an article that said highly sarcastic people die younger, which is just fucking great. Commercial for Twizzlers: [closeup of man eating twizzlers who's not sad but not really happy either] ANNOUCNER: Twizzlers. donald trump is your dad's friend you always avoided by staying in your room till he left ME: Siri, where can my date and i get dessert Siri: Okay. Here are your last 10 google searches ME: [snaps phone in half] back in Renaissance times, Renaissance fairs were known as Right Now Fairs bae: come over me: ok bae: hold on don't u have a reason u can't come me: no me: hello me: hello me: should i still come JUDGE: break for a 1 hour recess ME: objection JUDGE: ugh fine. 2 hours. ME: [i go to high five my lawyer but he already walked out] and now they think they can keep me from eating paper towels. where does it end got put in a group text as a wrong number & they're planning a party 2nite. i think it would be rude if i didn't at least make an appearance i feel like porn has given me such unrealistic expectations for sex. for example, having it with another person [witnesses a life altering miracle] wow. ok one more time for my snapchat [ben carson wakes up from a 3 week long nap] where is everyone. why is the debate hall empty [tries to impress everyone in the operating room by performing surgery blindfolded] [8 hrs later] your husband is doing... not well is anyone else getting death threats from their college's library or the amount of hot sauce my body is processing at any given time can be described as life threatening age 10: the floor is lava! hahahahahha age 25: the stable adult relationship is lava!! hahAhaha (if a presidential candidate was vegan) DEBATE MODERATOR: what is ur plan to stimulate the economy? CANDIDATE: great question. i am a vegan. Me: [opens door for date] Date: thanks... Arby's cashier: welcome to Arby's TEACHER: ok who can tell me what the square root of 9 is [i turn and look at my crush very intensely w/ my hand raised high] ME: 3 i'm out of clean bath towels so i'm sitting in a tub of rice if you set your sleep number to 69 the little mattress remote says nice. [news conference. reporters are all shouting questions] PRESIDENT: [points at one] yes. go ahead REPORTER: oh i was just yelling sausages i find comfort in the idea that despite the fact we'll all be dead someday, we'll all be dead together. ok pull around to the second window when u see a butt shaped cloud he died doing what he loved: trying to put socks on with wet feet while standing next to a cliff when u remember u got pizza rolls at home [slowly rises from trashcan while 2 friends are making plans without me] i am also free that day. and now i can do Dirty Grandpa 2, who gives a shit now. thanks guys -Leo the entire internet just went silent for 2 1/2 minutes. gaga. wow. you cannot be prosecuted for murder if you yell SPRING BREAK after i have such a hard time telling if a girl likes me, like what does it mean if she says Hi I'm Ashley welcome to Chilis i think about this twitter interaction almost daily [drops a pinch of fish food into fish tank] ME: here ya go little buddies FISH: oh wow pukey shit flakes again, thanks man [reads 4 lines of a peer-reviewed journal article that doesn't support my personal narrative of an issue] agree to disagree. Romantic first date idea: get too nervous beforehand and drive your car into a river [revs engine while staring down the other guy at the light, also driving a mustang] [rolls down the window] STILL NO GIRLFRIEND, YOU? Ted Cruz google search history: how to get away with several murders over the course of many years what is damn daniel TRUMP: i don't repeat myself. i don't repeat myself. [gestures to the parents of a crying baby] shh, please. my foot's asleep every jeep wrangler you see without the doors on is because i kicked them off while the owner was in PacSun trying on tank tops my very first relationship was in 7th grade and it lasted until 4th period. we decided to just be friends which lasted till 8th period. [tries to open passenger door for my date but the car alarm goes off] ah right. i don't own one of these what's it called when you're too lazy to look up the definition of something trump literally just said we're gonna bring in so much everything which i guess is his attempt to appeal to ppl who vote based on bagels TGI FRIDAYS HOSTESS: [over intercom] zodiac killer, party of 2 Ted Cruz: [raises hand] that's us. I MEAN... GOD DAMNIT tinder, but for picking your uber driver tear drop tattoos are often worn by those who commit murder and professional bowlers for every match they lose i acknowledge that crying before, during, and after sex makes it awkward but i assure you it's for different reasons at each stage Interrogator: did u commit the murder me: yes. absolutely. [lie detector goes nuts] me: lol syke. im just the pizza delivery guy the circus is the only place where it's socially acceptable to cheer for a man loading himself into a cannon [exhales a crazy long vape cloud] i'm so sorry for your loss dude. wonder how many times we tell ghost stories and the ghosts around us are like I NEVER SAID THAT SHIT. HE's NOT EVEN TELLING IT RIGHT [to the cute girl in the park as i walk by w/ my 3 dogs] they're all doctors ;) [quietly to the yorkie] i'm sick of having to lie for u Generation X: 1966-1976 Generation Y: 1977-1994 Generation : 19-20 just sitting here, feeling overwhelmed by the strength and bravery of all the people in the middle of a 10 day selfie challenge on facebook most underrated stat in basketball, the one i absolutely dominate in, is most amount of times being called pansy ass by my own teammates [ben carson hops into a uber] take me home Uber driver: whats ur address Ben Carson: [looking at smudged writing on his palm] i don't know call 2 psychiatrists and tell them ur gonna put them on the phone with a guy who thinks he's a psychiatrist. now put them in the same call. JUDGE: i hereby sentence you to 200 hours of community service ME: [exhales a dope ass vape cloud] JUDGE: holy shit nvm, ur all good man ME: [shooting finger guns in the air] America. COP: step out of the car another successful Presidents Day in the books. please salute as i take down my 11 life size drawings of nude george washington are u fucking serious if teleportation becomes a real thing i'm just gonna use it to zap myself to a different timezone and get 3 hours of extra sleep every night roses are red violets are blue just thinking how valentines day is a punishment whether ur single or not hbu ted cruz looks like your brain's best attempt at making a human face in a dream dodging feelings like all pants are breakaway pants if you're angry enough a tyrannosaurus rex using a selfie stick, but just so he can talk on a cell phone before u preface a sentence with im not gay, but... consider the possibility that nobody gives a shit. shia lebeouf is gonna be so embarrassed when he realizes we can all see him [swipes right so fast my thumb breaks in half] god help us if we find extremely muscular alien life on a planet that is actually called, by its inhabitants, Planet Fitness Life hack: replace your loud child with 0 childs ME: one large pizza with pepperoni and those tiny chef hats PIZZA GUY: ok one large pepperoni and... do u mean mushrooms there's this out of shape guy across the gym looking at me with such disgust and it's freaking me out and ok nvm thats a mirror RUBIO: let's dispel with this fiction that Barack Obama doesn't know what he's doing. he knows exactl- WENDYS DRIVE THRU: ookay pull around [after winning the big scavenger hunt] tbh getting an Applebee's server to cry in my arms was a lot easier than expected Valentine's day was last year u idiots ME: ur honor i couldn't have committed the murder, i was with my girlfriend JUDGE: ok lets hear from ur gf [my lawyer adjusts his blond wig] crazy how the superbowl is already over in Europe hey guys, leave your superbowl predictions below. the person who comes closest will be blocked worried u won't fit in at the superbowl party? with some careful timing, yell FIRST DOWN BITCH anytime people react to something [sees a mom do peekaboo hands over her face] me and her baby at the same time: holy shit moderator: dr ben carson, what sound does a cow make ben carson: thank you. first, i respectfully ask that we have a moment of silence. saturday 12pm: i'm never drinking again 4pm: chill night tonight 8pm: ya ok i'll come for 1 drink 1am: hahha uber sounds liek boober lmao ME: it feels like the teens use a lot of hyperbole these days WeEdTEENxX69: this is literally the most true thing i have ever read it would be nice if they made a cable tv show about alaska for once YouTube: hey we saw u watched a video about a thing Me: great, would it be possible to fill my entire feed with that thing, forever? me: [throws jacket over a puddle like a gentleman] my date: why my jacket i like my coffee like i like my women: kept at a distance, emotionally, due to unconscious fears of abandonment ME: [watching videos of fat dogs in costumes at work] JEFF, the IT guy who's watching my computer remotely: how. how did he get hired ted cruz look like a used candle damn Trump got schlonged tonight how great does your life have to be going to intentionally watch a video on facebook captioned this will make you cry how have i not learned yet that a movie trailer that starts with a happy song and family will always end up being about a child satan friday 2pm: can't wait to go out 5pm: almost time to go out 7pm: i gotta get out of going out 9pm: so glad to stay home 11pm: i hate my life personal trainer: ok so i recommend eating carrots when you get hungry between meals overweight rabbit: oh hell yea me [dead and in hell for over 3000 years]: still can't believe i used the wrong you're in that one tweet tell my family to make sure my gravestone just says literally me are we ever gonna call babies out on their neediness cool how the \\b\\ in the word subtle was like u guys mind if i come too follow my large friend cop: [after tackling me to the ground] why'd you run man me: this is gonna sound weird but i love being tackled J.J. Watt's full name is Jay Jay Watt [responds to all my text messages so i can post something on social media] [sliding into your dms] hope im not being too forward but i'm real sad ;) [wakes up from a 15 year coma] sweet, x files still goin strong jesus: ppl still don't believe me god: did u do the walk on water thing jesus: ya god: they prob like to party. how u feel about making wine is the personal trainer supposed to cry and say why god why when they first meet you your dating profile: i LOVE adventures me: sounds like i'd have to do stuff. next-- [walking my date through a dark alley] don't worry, i'll protect you [she hears my plastic light saber activate and lets go of my arm] shoutout to the human appendix, that part of the body we don't need but comes along for the ride anyway if ur being attacked by a bear simply lie down and accept your place in earth's food chain. i don't have a survival tip for this one sry never understood how being called an asshole is an insult it's like the most important part of the ass never seen Doctor Who but it sounds dope gf: talk dirty to me bb me: ooh yea ok baby im gonna cry so much less than last time hoo boy me: i love the ones that look like they're in little horse shaped jail cells my date: those are zebras. you learn a lot about yourself from the porn searches you do when your laptop is at 3% for sale: 1 earring found on the train tracks $10 nvm it's just a soda tab $9 would love to see a prequel to Titanic where we see Jack completely unable to climb onto a floating pool toy and we all go ahh makes sense co-worker stepped away from writing his report for a minute so i just did a quick search/replace of every . in his report with lmao hell is an eternal video loop of all the times you tripped in public alone Mrs. Carson: how was your day honey Ben Carson: great i saw a ton of grain silos Mrs. Carson: those are buildings ben, we've been over this maybe bernie sanders arms are filled with helium hold on folks, lets hear out the kid with 5million youtube subscribers, he probably has some good questions ok nvm heard a commercial today say heart failure can lead to death and can't stop thinking about the guy who was like what no fucking way [an alien reports back to the mothership] the humans appear to struggle greatly with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis imagine sneezing while trying to use a pickup line. like that's it, your night is over. i have a confession to make... when the song says for everybody to wang chung tonight i usually don't wang chung at all i'll admit one of my biggest writing weaknesses, is using unnecessary commas to any of my followers who win the powerball: just know that i've always thought that you, specifically, have always been really cool DATE: so are u democrat or republican ME: why don't we save that convo for later haha [googling under the table what is demmacrat ] if i were the president i would refuse to do speeches unless i could wear the giant Sia wig Neil deGrasse Tyson's gravestone will probably just say actually, i don't believe in ghosts but when a crumpled up plastic bottle in my trashcan makes a popping sound i believe for a couple secs me: no one can hear you scream in space my lawyer: u gotta stop saying weird shit to the judge man i go to rap battles to get feedback on my haircuts the first bird ever probably walked around with its wings out or a while before he was like ok wait wish there was a way to do life stuff without getting out of the shower ME: my therapist told me to stop talking about people as if they weren't here THERAPIST: [rubbing temples] i know i like to sit on my arm for 10 minutes before clicking submit on my online bill payments obama is also coming to take your medieval fantasy swords when it comes to the issue of twitter potentially expanding its character limits for tweets, i think i speak for everyone when i say that i thanks for the instagram post where 3 of your grad school textbooks just happen to be facing the camera perfectly, we are all very impressed . watching a re-run of that time u totally owned that teen who was being irresponsible lmao i wake up hungover and walk downstairs. 1000 dogs sit still, staring at me in my living room. oh right i bought soo many dogs last night Co-worker: welcome back, happy new year Me: happy new year [5 min later] Other co-worker: happy new year Me: i can't do this Girl [to bartender]: i'll have a vodka tonic Me: let me get that ;) Scary grandma: would u mind getting in the oven to clean it Me: new grandson who dis it feels racist to both use and to not use the darker skin tone emojis, idk how to proceed interviewer: your resume says you're the current boss of Steven Hamm? me: correct interviewer: i'm Steven Hamm me: ya sorry man ur fired horses both eat and sleep in hay which is like if humans both ate and slept in hamburgers, which sounds pretty ok actually my dog is great at jumping on the couch and stepping on every single remote button that opens 36 menus and orders Magic Mike XXL CHIPOTLE MANAGER: we can't figure out why these e.coli outbreaks keep happening ME: [bathing in a tub of salsa in the back] ya very weird me: an open casket with my vape pen hanging from my mouth wedding DJ: i meant final requests for songs man E. Coli is the reclusive author of food borne illnesses got bored and went to Home Depot wearing an orange apron to see how good i am at making up answers to peoples home repair questions tan colored eggs: what's going on with u guys [finishes a 13 hour netflix binge] ok. time to re-learn how to function in society 4 out of 5 doctors recommend not swallowing hundreds of live bees. the 5th doctor is just a dentist if you think it's the end times now just wait till you see a man vaping on his hoverboard while talking on a bluetooth you: yea but the book was way better me: i will literally never know if that is true a mother holds her beautiful newborn baby boy close and whispers ever so lightly into his little baby ear, i think i'll name you Skrillex. Movie pitch guy: Listen, we know ur usually known for Oscar worthy films but we have an idea called Dirty Grandpa- Robert De Niro: im in. Leonardo DiCaprio: i ain't afraid to die anymore. i dun it already. Wendys manager: i'm gonna need to ask you to leave imagine being really mad but having to open a sliding door to storm out actually jesus was the name of the scientist. you're thinking of jesus's monster shout out to the people currently wrapping last minute presents they bought at Walgreens thought i saw ted cruz today but it turned out to be a pile of peanut butter mall santa: and what do u want for christmas kid: i want a xbox one santa: did mommy get u vaccinated yet kid: no santa: sry no xbox fam Donald trump: Folks, hillary is a penis face loser Mainstream media: come on man. srsly Donald trump: Once again i'm quoted unfairly!! i started vaping to fit in with my friends, who are mostly steam whistles when someone says whats good it's best to respond with respecting your elders me: [doing pretend walk downstairs behind the desk] my therapist, to my wife: he is healing i like to imagine that after pet stores close all the animals get into little beds wearing those long sleeping caps we get it, you vape New girlfriend: are u ready to meet my parents Me: uhh i thought i met them already New girlfriend: that was literally my dog and my turtle so true story, i just mindlessly outstretched my fingers to graze the rear end of a Macy's mannequin that turned out to be a real human man Star Wars episode 8: The Force is goals af the hamburger was invented in 2005 don't fact check that [while being stabbed repeatedly] i have a boyfriend i hope ben carson's closing statement is a 30 second moment of silence Me: siri, how long do moths live Siri: searching for: why am i so lonely Me: ok hey west coast people, how jealous are u that i'm over here on the east coast 3 hours ahead of you, just enjoying the shit out of 4:36pm is it possible that donald trump wakes up every morning wearing a suit #postYourFavoriteStarWarsCharacter need to find a better way to trick my dog into taking his medication bc the last 2 times he tricked me into taking it [slips a girl a note] do you like me? 1. no 2. all of the above sorry i held eye contact with your dad for so long dying i just assume anyone i see wearing a trench coat is 2 or more dogs have u ever excitedly ran towards the ocean then realized that life is meaningless midway there and just stopped lol me neither eating dinner with a gun in both of my hands is challenging but i realized i can just shoot the food and catch the splatter in my mouth has anyone considered just giving donald trump some bubble wrap to pop a for a few days [stops in the middle of kissing] i think i just want a burrito actually thank you both for embodying the subject of my joke. lol never understood calling two people love birds since birds are incapable of growing increasingly resentful of each other's minor flaws it would be weird to hate a horse. like to genuinely hate a specific horse for personal reasons. anyway, here's your appetizers. when your crush tells u you're a good boy looking thru old photos of me as a child and it's suddenly hitting me that there has never been a time in my life where i wasn't killing it [having sex] me: is this good her: it's fine me: [quietly] i still got it people who back into parking spaces: you will find love one day, i promise oh cool, the guy from 10th grade who ate half a roll of paper towels then puked them up just posted an inspirational quote on facebook it's at the point now where if u want ur mass shooting to have media coverage u have to hope there isn't another mass shooting that day avoid the holiday shopping crowds by holding your breath for longer than your brain can sustain itself without oxygen god: if you masturbate i will make 100 thousand people starve Me: harsh but fair see a picture of a dog - save a picture of a dog. this system has never failed me 2015: the year that every car company made a commercial portraying a human life cycle and thought it was artistic ME: im having a lovely time tonight my date: why do u keep yelling ME before every sentence so guys i had a spinal tap a few days ago and let me tell you, it's not nearly as pleasant as it sounds sleet is just asshole rain a pirate in a suit at a business meeting w/ a parrot on his shoulder also wearing a suit Interviewer: why should i hire u? Pirate: my work ethic is impeccable Parrot on shoulder: LOVE GETTING DRUNK BEFORE INTERVIEWS SQUAWW what i like about Chipotle is that you can get lunch and knock out your napkin shopping at the same time i signed up for the cheapest life insurance i could find, it entitles my family to a tray of Wendys hamburgers when i die i'm legally required to inform my neighbors that i'm on probation for jaywalking Romeo: check out this cat video Juliet: omg dead Juliet: hello Juliet: romeo Juliet: i didn't mean literally dead Juliet: romeo i love how my GPS tells me to turn left in 1000 feet like i have any way to conceptualize that other than imagining 1000 Subway footlongs a saxophone player's pony tail grows 3 inches during every solo i thought i died and went to dog heaven once but i guess technically i just drank a bunch of cough syrup and went to Petsmart therapist: i think we're making really good progress me: k therapist: u disagree. me: nah therapist: are u sure...? me: omg needy much ME [texting my friend from college]: hey are you guys still at the rave FRIEND FROM COLLEGE: dude that was 11 years ago. but yea actually my doctor refuses to fight me and i think it's cause he saw how i barely cried during my flu shot if they forget to tell you guac is extra you get to kick over all the tabasco sauces i like the restaurants where you can look at the lobster tank and pick which one you want to be your date can't wait to turn 60 so my handwriting becomes all wooshy and legible nurse: are you flexing me, totally flexing while getting a flu shot: No just told the driver that if this bus goes under 50mph i will slowly open a bag of original flavor sun chips for 20 minutes remember when one of your 6th grade class president candidates promised soda fountains and no more homework, that's Donald Trump take me to the middle of the desert and just leave me there they say over 75% of americans live in the united states all that stuff the quarterback yells before the ball is snapped is just ingredients to a bangin soup recipe proceed with caution if your house painter doesn't play the classic rock station while they work. they may be an imposter Moderator: how would you make america great again? Ben Carson: Yes. one moment (siri, how to make america great again) lol remember when a presidential candidate said he would kill a baby [crabwalks into the courtroom] hahaha i plead guilty, your honor typical 9-1-1 operator, asking for my address like we're gonna hang out. dude i'm bleeding how about we save that for later pretty disappointing that in 2015 we can't vape under water 9am: protein shake, oatmeal 1pm: small salad, chicken breast 5pm: grilled salmon, spinach 9pm: 4 whole i don't give a shit anymore pizzas people who are mad about having to click a heart instead of a star: can we trade problems sometimes i look down and i'm petting a dog waiter: did u just say spaghetti with meat orbs me: do u not have that here did u know you can drink a fancy beer and not post it on the internet if i learned anything from Cialis commercials it's that old people sure do love to fuck outside . my life is a mess sometimes to end a text convo thats going on too long u gotta break out the big guns and say you're going to bed. at 2:30 in the afternoon. oh hey mom. no i'm just Skyping with my girlfriend. what do you mean am i just playing a Vine of a girl saying i love you over and over just got mad and flipped a table but it spun all the way around in landed right side up. everyone in Applebee's is clapping shoutout to Mastercard for telling me i have an outstanding balance and thinking i won't take that as a compliment here is a ridiculous s'more i made with rice crispy treats my mom said she's dressing up like me for Halloween this year but idk she's just wearing a sign that says shame why are we programmed to enjoy things that are bad for us like eating fatty food, or doing drugs, or using a cobra as a scarf just placed a stereo playing the Friends theme song next to a wishing fountain in a park. Now we wait. [rolls over after sex] babe hand me my vape [feels literally any odd sensation in my body] welp this is it. this is how it ends my mom's attempt at saying Quentin Tarantino in an email #tbt the time my box of Raisin Bran was literally just a box of raisins and no bran people who go rock climbing: you know you don't have to, right when a first date is going well, i mean like really really well, i like to seal the Deal with a 10 minute harmonica solo it's daylight savings this weekend which means most of my house clocks will be correct again for a while one time a kid at recess said i couldnt actually dig a hole to china, i said Watch me then walked away. i avoided him the rest of the year at lightning speed my brain scans every possible excuse for declining your party invitation and lands on my uncle has sleep apnea. pre-workout meal: 7 cabbages workout: slowly walk 1/4 mile post-workout meal: 7 more cabbages sometimes some of the power they use to make Powerade spills onto the factory employees which is how we got Dwayne The Rock Johnson follow me on instagram for dumb photos of my dog and etc. did people even run marathons before facebook time could freeze at any moment for a thousand years and we would never know. wow i'm not even high when ur trying to listen but you're way too drunk i apply to several colleges a year and send back every acceptance letter with a note that says you fucking wish hi it is a beautiful day here merging into traffic is easy when you don't care if you live or die fyi it's not illegal to try to feed a carrot to the cop on top of the horse. it is your right as an american me: hi can i get ur number girl: yea sure, here me: sorry, i wasn't being clear. can i get ur sleep number, u look really well rested 1 out of every 5 people you see dressed up at your halloween party is just me, changing costumes, every 6 minutes if i worked at starbucks i'd ask for your name then write it on the cup with quotation marks like i don't believe you ME: fetch this bone MY DOG: idk why evolution made me love this this but i'm gonna fetch the shit out of this bone follow me on instagram if u wanna, ig: twitterchuuch :] 20 minutes into catch salmon and chill and he give u this look i miss the days where if you wanted to stalk your ex on social media you had to intercept one of their ravens ME, HOLDING A BAG OF BEES: your honor, i submit exhibit E JUDGE: another bag o- ME: another bag of bees ya i ate razors for 2 months until someone told me it was Dollar Shave Club and not Nutrisystem. still, i lost over 90 pounds INTERVIEWER: please stop calling me a coward ME: hire me INTERVIEWER: no. ME: ur a coward. daddy why are the angry men hugging in their underwear they're wrestlers son does mom know that you and Dale are wrestlers i never understood why we had to blow on the nintendo cartridge before eating it i applied to some very prestigious clown colleges but my safety school is University of Phoenix whenever you're feeling down just remember that donald trump is probably yelling at a plate of spaghetti as we speak [while turning into a werewolf] are u serious i literally just bought these pants that's correct. -Ben Carson having an orgasm ME: are u upset MY DATE: i just wish you'd stop saying that ME: sorry i don't have a choice. anyway this date is brought to u by Draft Kings here's a million dollar idea: everyone named steve give me $1 COP: anything in ur pocket that might stab me? ME, REMEMBERING THE DAGGER WIELDING ELF IN MY POCKET: do u believe in miracles if fishing is a sport then luring other people's dogs to come to me instead of them is a sport too ME: i'm just glad to be alive DOCTOR: well ur heart's in the right place HEART SURGEON [nervously whispering to doctor]: dude not anymore holy shit did u know u can enjoy things on the internet without sharing them to facebook republicans: immigrants are bad democrats: guns are bad me: idk why but avocados piss me off did u know u can fake a heart attack and let the paramedics carry you out so you don't have to say goodbye to anyone at the party every time bernie destroys a question he adds one spec of victory dandruff to his left shoulder bernie literally had no idea there were other people on stage until hillary grabbed his hand to shake it bernie just had a shit the teacher just called on me and i was thinking about lunch moment lmao i like to think that Matthew McConaughey isn't even aware he's being recorded for these lincoln car commercials hell yes -me when i open my wallet and there's at least $1 save money on dates by going to your room and locking the door forever hulu and human sacrifice? i mean netflix? also i mean chill? (unless ur cool w/ the sacrifice?) shuffling slowly out of the movie theater is part of the experience guys. i do it even if the theater is empty saw two people sitting and laughing on a park bench earlier today and i'm still furious when did we decide that stretchy rubber pouches filled with our breath was a good thing to give to someone on their birthday waiter: hi i'm Caleb and i'll be taking care of you this evening me: no thanks i refuse to fuck unless it's to the Sunday Night Football theme song most of my knowledge of classical music comes from early 2000s ringtones either put the amount of likes my selfies got on my gravestone or don't bother mourning me at all no one ever said don't bring a sword to red lobster so i'm gonna claim ignorance on this one tonight's orgy is canceled guys. Jerry has Diarrhea. COP, FRISKING ME: what am i feeling in ur pockets here, is it eggs? ME, EYEING HIS GUN: [under breath] several some of u may have caught a peek at my halloween costume last night as the nude guy resisting arrest at Arby's. all part of the costume the easy way to tell between local police and state troopers is that state troopers usually have more brightly colored, magnificent feathers sure why tf not woww way too many people to thank for the bday love, so thanks everyone, i seriously love you all!! except Bill (fuck you Bill) hoarder on TV: pls help me doc therapist: of course. lets start by throwing out all these anime posters. we'll take them to my car i hereby grant facebook the right to murder me -chuuch sept. 2015 no one believed me but the cops intro and charles in charge song were meant to be together the moon fucking sucks again thanks obama bottled Mars water will still be cheaper than Fiji water it's weird to think about the several years of my life in school where i needed a signed piece of paper to walk down a hallway . can u find my father sucks that the green day guy slept through the blood moon people: theres a moon tonight me: ok i'm listening ppl: with an eclipse me: holy shit- ppl: while covered in blood. me: [falls out of chair] my dad caught me smoking in the wolf cages at the zoo once & made me smoke the whole pack. how i managed to smoke a whole pack of wolves idk BOSS: did u get dressed in the dark this morning ME: i dunno maybe BOSS: really try and remember ME: people act like lunar eclipses are so cool like things don't go behind things all the time if you have a heart attack at Chipotle no one will get out of line to save you this is bs look for me at the concert tonight in philly. i'll be the guy wearing the tshirt and jeans we all have that one friend who's extremely successful despite that one time we saw them eat a chicken tender off the floor ME, HOLDING A MIC TO MY DOG's MOUTH: who's a good boy DOG: your mom ME: please take this seriously [the pope steps out of the pope mobile] crowd: [going nuts] jesus, in the crowd: omg omg omg it's him it's the pope omg i'd like to donate my body to gymnastics, if possible at the movies, whispering not as good as the basketball dog movie to the guy next to me after every trailer do we know why people wear bandanas yet hello this is ur captain speaking. if u look out the left of the plane you'll see ur mom. lmao owned. now let's fly this piece of shit [while adjusting the driver seat and mirrors for the first several minutes of the date] hope u like the badboy type when ur mafia days are behind u and ur starting a new life as a good boy susan. SUSAN IT's WORKING GET IN HERE -Moses practicing parting the water in the bathtu facebook unveils the dislike button for those who lack the ability to describe the feeling of empathy with words can't wait to post facebook selfies and watch the dislikes just rol the hell in scrolling through someone's tweets who u don't follow is like dragging ur thumb through a minefield of accidental follows and favs welp, a spider just disappeared under my bed which means i have to pack up and start a new life reply so sorry to hear this :( on every facebook post you see today, your accuracy rate will be about 86% canadians apologize a lot but i've never heard an apology for canadian bacon. just once i'd like a here's your ham. sorry. when a spider crawls across your dashboard 2036: the nurse puts on your headphones. this surgery is brought to you by the all new Chevy Silverado you hear as the anesthesia sets in [tucks the 7eleven cashier into bed] me: goodnight 7eleven guy 7eleven guy: can this robbery be over yet when you throw something in the trash and the entire trash bag goes to the bottom of the can with it, that's pretty much adulthood. MY DATE: so ur profile said you're royalty of some kind? ME: yea have u ever heard of draft kings . can u fix the no thanks button, it should be 600x larger JERRY SEINFELD [eulogizing my funeral]: WHAT is the DEAL with MASSIVE HEART FAILURE any animal that stops attacking u when u drop and play dead is a idiot. it's insanely easier to eat things that are already dead cops at DUI checkpoints should just check to see if u texted ur ex at some point throughout the night so embarrassing when u think u nailed the big interview and it turns out he was interviewing the guy behind u the whole time sorry i said bazinga to signal that the sex was over GOD: i'll grant u eternal life, just NEVER take my name in vain ME: that's a goddamn deal GOD: u son of a... ME: lmao owned when i die please drag my body to the gym for one last shamelessly desperate selfie god that was dum nobody wants to address the elephant in the room but it probably costs like a ton to mail an elephant anyway the first person to pet a dog was probably like dang. i don't think im gonna be able to stop people who dramatically swerve their precious little cars around manhole covers: wtf is wrong with you &lt;- this is now the Thom Yorke emoji there's a loud cricket somewhere in my room right now and it feels like a passive aggressive commentary from god on how boring my life is has anyone heard Katy Perry roar yet or was that just an empty threat when a mutual unfollows i like to think that i was born a vaper, cause otherwise who would choose this life holy crap there are teenagers that exist now who have never owned a cd hey if you're gonna profit from my tweets can u at least spell my @ correctly ok DOCTOR: sorry. your family did not survive the extreme radiation exposure ME: i fucking love science it sucks when you're really in to wearing a cape but then have to get in your car to go places my life coach said i need to make my goals smaller and more attainable in terms of my squad i can always tell when i haven't had my full 8 spiders for the year hi honey, are u still at home? did i leave my john travolta mug in the shower? oh thank god. can u bring it to work for me [does jerk off motion for 2 hours] and that concludes the hearing impaired translation of the presidential debate. all of them. god bless [exhales vapor cloud] i do. i now pronounce you husband and wife sorry, standing outside your house with a sign that says prom? was probably a confusing way to ask u what prom means no one named Larry can lift more than 6 pounds (Naked and Afraid, Season 3 Episode 4, Minute 0:49) her: please. we need food and water me: haha boobies bae: come over me: i have a meeting in the morning bae: ok me: thank u for respecting my responsibilities do u ever just wake up and say hope my ex has an emotional meltdown on facebook today love sitting in starbucks listening to real business people talk about real important business stuff and i'm here looking at a Where's Waldo i like to try and time my climax so it happens right when the dominos pizza tracker switches to delivery. so do u go on a lot of dates her: what do u do for a living me: im a sandwich artist her: oh so u work at subway me: omg i wish [holds up sketch of a bacon avocado melt] if you're shy, the easiest way to talk to a girl is one letter at a time, through a ouija board, as a ghost craig's list started out as a short list of large dogs that craig wanted to ride and it just kinda grew from there magneto: metal is my bitch interviewer: the job requires proficiency in microsoft excel magneto: . interviewer:. magneto: i can do excel yikes... accidentally yelled judge judy during sex instead of judge joe brown [magician pulls a pretty long scarf out of his sleeve] me: holy. fucking. shit. what JUDGE: i sentence you to life in prison MY LAWYER WHO IS A HOUSE FLY: nice that's only like 11 days A GIRL: hi ME: BEES ARE HURTY. OH NO I SAID THE WRONG THOUGHT [throws down what i hope is a smoke grenade to escape but it's just my keys] how many seconds should i wait to call someone after speed dating autocorrect keeps changing i have a girlfriend to ok lmao [gets down on one knee] babe [takes a deep breath] if i stand up fast enough my head gets all woosy lol watch sorry, flying alligators only jesus: so u want me to die for everyone's sins god: ya jesus: even the snobby craft beer people god: [speaking thru his teeth] yes. my 6 y/o cousin begged me to watch her hold her breath in the pool. she lasted literally 2 seconds. how do i ask her to leave the family sure when elephants spray water in the air it's neat but when i arch my pee over the kitchen table it's what the fuck chuuch it's 4th of july again which means i'll be standing at attention saluting the flag on the taco bell window all afternoon if hotdogs were called hotcats nobody would eat them . i cant find the camo gear in your store even though the sales associate insists it's right here in front of me is it on fleek to love my grandmom [slides briefcase of money across the counter] two big macs please [opens briefcase to reveal $7] i really thought that accidentally sitting on a freshly painted park bench would be a more frequent problem in life if i ever go missing please don't use that photo of me holding a sign that says if i ever go missing don't look for me. thanks life is figuring out when it's appropriate to show a bunch of people your genitals then you die hello doctor? my erection is going on well over 4 hours.hello? [door bursts open and dr does a series of backflips toward me for a high 5] i go to squeeze toothpaste onto the brush but out comes mild chunky salsa. staring off, i realize my dream about meeting that genie was real they say on your first day at a new job u should walk up to the biggest manager there and just knock him the fuck out the apostrophe in father's day indicates that this day is meant to celebrate one dad only. my guess is Gene, down the street today i confessed to my dad that i was the one who stole his booze when i was 14, not my brother kevin who he put up for adoption sex with me is great cause i hum the mario star power music for the whole 15 seconds never run away from a bully. tap dance away from him as he weeps before your artistic beauty think i'm getting the hang of this there's no bigger adrenaline rush than the fuck it, im gonna press send and see what happens text saint peter: welcome to heaven, child me: is there any way u could get me into dog heaven, actually do u spell titties with a capital T or is it just regular, almost done this college application i like to hold the door for people who are awkwardly far behind me then let the door close as soon as they start that appreciative fast-walk COP: do u know why i pulled u over ME: bc my car is made of empty kraft mac n cheese boxes? COP: lucky guess. have a nice day. girls with more than 1 boob are way too intimidating oh this? this is a broken weedwacker, not a metal detector. why am i walking the beach waving it over sand? why does anyone do anything went on christian mingle to find a nice, family-oriented christian girl to debate the existence of god with [sees cute girl at the bar] ok it's go time [makes accidental eye contact with her while pumping myself up with some lunges] dammit. abort happiness is almost definitely the key to feeling cheerful about stuff when u havin a stroke but see a fine ass booty hey did u guys know that taco cat spelled backwards is please kill me [crunching on carrots and can't hear u while u try to break up with me] [swallows] i love carrots is it ok if i donate someone else's organs instead god: u gotta build a boat noah: can't u build ur own boat... i mean, ur god god: [nervously] no i can i just wanna see if u know how some guy recorded a rap inspired by my grandma tweet. it ain't bad lmao me: happy anniversary wife: i have a boyfriend hey guys named Anthony, is it frustrating that your name is grammatically incorrect bc it should be Athony the titmouse isn't even a mouse it's a bird. life is bullshit, is what im trying to say. it can't be emotionally healthy that seeing guacamole in tv commercials fills me with rage it says here on ur resume that you're- good at finishing people's sentences? when can u start? [interviewer falls backward out of chair] doctor: your test results are in. u may want to sit down for this me [looking at my phone]: uh huh keep going im listening me: are you gonna eat those my date [playing with her fries]: i guess not me [reaching for her earrings]: u sure if someone tells you to go to hell the best comeback is to actually go to hell and when you get back tell them it was delightful, thanks [walking down a waterslide, dead faced] oh my god i'm so random. click share on people's facebook selfies for maximum amount of social media discomfort per my request u read every one of my youtube video comments at my eulogy. uncle bob wipes a tear and whispers... fuck billy crystal indeed do dentists know we don't respect them [i plant my face deep in my palm in the break room] you guys know lunch is a ploy by the sandwich industry to get us to eat sandwiches right just do it jesus google search history: how to move big tomb rock how many calories in garlic sticks how many calories does moving big rocks burn bet that jesus tomb had terrible wifi first dates are mostly just opening a bunch of doors for the other person then you go home and pet your dog ME: ur honor, a million dollars isn't cool. u know what's cool JUDGE: a billion dollars? JUROR #3: [under breath] i fucking love that movie. how chipotle employees have the discipline to not say guac is mextra is beyond me i legit just saw two strangers with mustaches stare one another down until the one with the smaller mustache backed down these ultra thin condoms are pretty good u can really feel the tomato hand a bro a bud light and ask if they're up for what's next. nice. now swiftly kick them in the nuts that one urinal that's lower than the others is for the guys like me who pee in a crouching karate stance amazing. there's a no falcon policy at every store in this mall there's no better way to explain how life works to your child than with a handful of quarters and an arcade claw toy machine if u end a statement with just sayin what you're really saying is kick me right in the dick please if u preface a statement with not gonna lie i'll assume everything you've said until now is bullshit INTERVIEWER: [hears a buzz from my pocket] do u need to answer that ME: [knowing it's my bag of bees] naw taking wet, room temp fish out of a can, mashing in some mayonnaise and eating it isn't even that gross when u think about it DAD: me and your mother are putting you up for adoption ME, 10 YEARS OLD: ugh your mother and i. also, why sometimes i like to stand a good 20 feet behind the guys who flex in the mirror at the gym and make it look like i'm squeezing their biceps hello 9-1-1? my girlfriend's been kidnapped stay calm sir, what's ur girlfriend's name oh she goes to another school u wouldn't know her are u happy with yourself i don't wanna know the sex of my unborn baby till it's 11 maybe 12 years old at least accidentally texted my boss can't wait to see you tonight. he hasn't replied and im too nervous to explain, in case he's down to chill do you think joe biden cuts his birthday cake with a sword sure i'm ready for a real, adult relationship [pulls chair out for date] the floor is lava so try and keep your feet up though whoever invented idiots is probably crazy rich skipped neck day at the gym this week so i'm making up for it by screaming my burrito ingredients at the Chipotle employees i think even if i knew pressing the snooze button would blow up a small fishing town in alaska i'd be like .eh dogs have aunts and uncles too why does no one talk about that [time traveler returns home to 1881] guys i forgot to grab the cure for malaria but here's some.DORITOS LOCOS TACOS [loud cheering] New Study Finds That All Murder Victims are People Who Whistle in Public sorry everyone, gotta go back to the mothership cut a hole in the bottom of my tub of popcorn while on a date so when she goes for some she accidentally grabs a copy of my mixtape sure yeah im all about helping u find the right match on Christian Mingle. i have literally nothing better to do. -God Rob Lowe holds a shotgun, peeking through the blinds in his house. And which Rob Lowe are you. he whispers, seeing a passing mailman blurted out my dog's name during sex again. gf didn't notice. Snuggles noticed. [smashes guitar during 1st song of set] sorry everyone, that was our only guitar. GOOD NIGHT PORTLAND!! i forgot my dentist's name, is it ok to greet him with hello dentist it says here on your resume that you know spanish? can i see that? yeah that should say of spanish. i know of spanish. listen, i put my pants on like everyone else. one leg at a time, several days apart [finds money in an old jacket pocket] nice. [finds jacket in an old wallet] NICE. ask not what your country can do for you but what is a country i feel like more people would watch tennis if it were football if i was a small claims court judge every case would be settled with a dance-off. the winner would be stoned to death. [getting stabbed repeatedly] COME ON DUDE THIS IS LIKE MY LEAST FAVORITE THING TO HAPPEN TO ME REPEATEDLY me: ground control, i left my phone on earth, abort mission. over. ground control: copy that. abort mission guys, captain left his phone. how awful would it be if professors could see . on their phones while you type a two sentence email to them for 45 minutes while on a date, bolster your bad boy status by requesting a table farthest from the emergency exits it's always amazing when the cashier says that's $7.83 and u reach into ur pockets and pull out EXACTLY 2 middle fingers then peace out for xmas this year i splurged and got all of my friends and family a puppy. one puppy. he'll be staying at my house. i'll be raising my future children to think that families who don't eat the Christmas tree the day after Christmas are a little odd. good cop: you're going straight to jail u piece of human scum bad cop: whoa Rodriguez, very nice good cop: i know i know, that felt good tbh dog judge: [chewing on the gavel] me: your honor...can we please proceed dog judge: [growling] guy in the back: this dude's definitely guilty ...soon as I saw the giant machine gun I installed on it last Christmas I knew it had to have been my mine said Mark me: OBJECTION, your honor judge: sustained. me: [whispers to client] i forget, does that mean yes hey are u here? i'm on the merry-go-round. i'm a little sweaty from jogging next to it to get a very specific horse. can't wait to meet u :) thank you to everyone from high school i saw in public this year who silently agreed to pretend we didn't notice one another KARATE FAQ: Q: should i wear my karate uniform on the first date? A: yep me: [i have a huge knife stuck in my chest] doctor: [examining me carefully] have u recently switched laundry detergents my hidden talent is being able to live without literally any item that falls behind my dresser, forever [getting murdered] u know this is illegal right... legitimate question: how is a door every time u slow down to stare at a car accident u should have to stop, get out of the car, and get punched directly in the ass [romantically wooshes everything off my desk to eat my pizza bagels] Taken 7: Whatever Just Keep Her me: i was born with a snake tattoo on my back, so yea i know a little about being cool my date: ya all i said was pass the salt sorry kid, i don't make the rules [breaks his hopes and dreams over my knee] welcome to young adulthood if you're feeling stressed out, just relax, take a deep breath, and exhale fire over all of your enemies. this is more for dragons btw Delaware is just really unnecessary sorry i dodged your kiss hello and shouted EVASIVE MANEUVERS side effects of Cialis may include dragging 2 bath tubs outside to sit in to watch the sunset with your confused but supportive partner whenever ur feeling down just remember it's perfectly legal to make the throat cutting hand gesture at any deer u want useful twitter tips: 1. listen just shut the fuck up once in a while ok [checks under bed for monsters] actually son, there's like a ton of monsters under there. better let me sleep in the race car bed tonight me: i mean seriously guys, what idiot gets killed by an astroid crowd: [laughing] dinosaurs in crowd: wow fuck this guy sure, small horses would be cool why not. i don't care anymore. -god making ponies you know how when u walk up to a group of people at work and they all stop talking all the sudden and u start shrieking like a pterodactyl? so far the hardest part about making new friends has been figuring out what material to use for the butts literally every time i try to talk to my dog about my feelings he changes the subject to woof it's not you it's me. it's not you it's me. it's not you it's me. it's not you it's me. -me swiping through tinder as u attempt to break up with me the sound of my velcro wallet opening drowns out ur voice. u decide to wait for a better moment. we're just one generation away from the answer to grandma, how did grandpa win your heart being he asked me what dat mouf do sir i think i'd be a real ass-hat to ur company did u say asset or ass-hat ass-hat holy shit welcome to Ass Hat Enterprises. always remember to thank your sexual partner for the sex several times throughout if you're afraid of public speaking just remember to keep breathing, deeply into the mic until everyone leaves. [pours a bag of sugar over a tire fire] hm [tastes remnants] i think i'll call it. Twizzlers murderer 1: did u bring the murder weapons murderer 2: no but i brought Chilis, to go murderer 1: [pumps fist in the air] CHILIS TO GO one day all of this will be yours, son [wide sweeping hand motion knocks over several hulk hogan figures] me: [raises hand] my date: again, that's not necessary [holds hug with job interviewer for way too long] oh nice, actually my aunt grew up in poundtown KFC: for 5 bucks we'll jam some food in a box and u will fucking eat it you piece of shit first date idea: 1. romantic walk 2. romantic applebees dinner 3. romantic walk home 4. romantic sorry i left u at applebees :( text hipster genie: i shall grant you 3 wishes me: cool, i wish for world peace hipster genie: haha lame what's next tv ghost hunter: are there any ghosts here among us ghost: ya tv ghost hunter: where do we go when we die ghost: idk man i'm tryin to pee ok me: let me know when the job interview is about to start interviewer: uhh it's over, u got the job me: [slowly slides flute back into shirt] i severely underestimated how sad a pair of hulk hands that aren't being worn look before i bought them. [puts cup attached to string against ear] uh hello? new cup who dis well statistically we're more likely to die in a car crash than this free-falling airplane, i reassure the guy next to me in coach guys, unless you're a professional photographer, please don't ever tell a woman to smile. my anaconda is available to start as soon as monday no offense doc but i'm gonna get a 2nd opinion... [turns to janitor] can u look at my ass real quick i wanna be the guy on the sidelines that squirts gatorade in the players mouths but like holding it from my crotch my dad finally came back from getting cigarettes 12 years ago im so happy! yeah u can meet him soon he just left to grab smokes can we agree if cops could carry katanas there would be 0 crimes finally organized my sock drawer in alphabetical order. it's all socks so it didn't really do much. please spread kale over my dumb organic gluten free casket [my date glances back at the line of ducklings following me on our romantic walk] me: long story. nope, sorry. u already turned around and started talking to me thinking ur friend was still behind u. we're best friends now. there are horses that can walk on a tight rope and i have to concentrate while walking on a treadmill. ahh ok, i guess i just always assumed fans were yelling bobs to cheer the athletes up when they were playing bad cop: sir you're under arrest me: [mimics the cop's every word and movement perfectly] cop: dammit am i arresting myself in the mirror again damn just accidentally tripped a guy in a cutoff sleeveless hoodie on purpose that awkward moment when your boss starts pooping on the conference table during a meeting bc he's also a small dog if u can kiss the cop on the lips before he gets the cuffs on you're free to go if i've learned anything from snake charmers it's that most life threatening situations can be solved with some dope flute tunes how do i tell a girl i love you without it being obvious that im talking to her dog does anyone here want to date me, asking for a friend is tripping up the stairs a symptom of ebola instead of pulling a rose out of your sleeve to win a girl's heart try a turkey sandwich. like how'd i even get it in there lmao do the cops on horses know about cars mom: hi me: can we please not right now god: come to church me: sorry im busy god: my parents aren't home me: fun to think how the inventor of pop rocks had to let non-popping gravel just sit in his mouth a bunch till he got it right [pulls away from kiss] dammit another lamp sorry i swiped left on your face, like in person my only real question is who decides when an orgy is officially over my pal did an awesome Kanye remix for a competition & needs a quick vote from you! he's currently in 1st!! anyone have a pen i can borrow so i can take notes that i will literally never look at ever again me: do u know why i pulled u over, officer officer: bc u don't understand things, in general is my guess sometimes it's nice to just sit back relax and imagine dogs wearin suits chipotle could literally print fuck you in big letters on the bags and people would still buy burritos Jesus (friends with God) commented on a post you're tagged in. love this!!1! [ouija board] hi grandma, i hope your in heaven and i love you ...y...o...u...\\r...e... memo: afternoon meeting will cover new rules about nut taps. also, i can't stress this enough, please don't tap me in the nuts this afternoo barista: uh did u just say venti ebola macchiato me: don't be ridiculous. i said a grande ebola macchiato. drunk Goliath: youu promise u won't laugh? ok so my only weakeness is tiny slingshots lol sometimes i wonder if my fish look at me through the aquarium glass and think fuck off nerd. what are the chances that every girl i meet in the end turns out to be a sofa motion to permanently change maternity ward to the department of labor one time a girl told me i'm bad at flirting and i got so mad i stomped on every banana i laid under her desk dang. i forgot to make balls less gross. ah whatev. -god, day 7 computer: sign into Busty Milf Finder app using facebook? me: what am i an idiot, of course me: so what is he saying deer whisperer, nose to nose w/ deer: he's saying being a deer is fucking baller i really hope one day i'm happy enough to genuinely say good morning [being carried away by a colony of ants] haha nice let's see where this goes cop: sir do u know why i pulled u over me: certainly not because i'd do literally anything to initiate human contact hahah i hope the next iphone is a reasonably sized sword tbh your honor i only confessed just now cause i wanted to hear the courtroom gasp again imagine telling your friends your dad is a professional sword swallower. imagine the constant glory you'd bask in. hey can i use ur phone real quick sure yeah hold on a sec [moves to mexico and begins a new life] has anyone actually caught a ghost pepper on camera yet therapist: im glad u overcame ur fear of snakes and all but- me, with a snake: ur gonna say i shouldn't have married this snake aren't u son, when two people are truly in love, sometimes they like to express it to one another in highly dope ways yeah that's not terrifying at all autocorrect keeps capitalizing my lols like it knows me and where i come from and shit DUI checkpoint cop: sir, have u been drinking tonight me: define sir detective: ok where's the body cop: ur sitting on it detective: siri, what are some key differences between a dead guy and a couch sorry i thought DM me meant u were challenging me to a death match and i killed u my bad dude year 2024 first date idea: visit justin bieber's grave high cop: put your hands in the air. omg your hands look huuge higher cop: we should say i love you more [strategically spills a satchel of Applebee's gift cards onto cute girl's lap] a karate fight between two perfectly equal matched opponents will mathematically always end in a kiss if u go alone to the zoo it means at some point u said to yourself fuck it i need to see some monkeys like real bad right now. i mainly wanna be a dad so i can tuck my shirt in at home the first guy named Melvin was like goddammit it's always sad when you have to take your sick goldfish out to the pasture and shoot it in the head. i make balloon animals is universal language for i live alone, if we're not counting my balloon animals i always carry a sword around halloween time bc i know it's that time of year when ninjas can move about freely in plain sight make your date feel important by asking lots of questions and holding an invisible mic to her mouth for every answer idk if ur feeling this but there's some wild sexual energy goin on between us right now i whisper to my bag of 7-eleven taquitos cop, through a megaphone: WE HAVE U SURROUNDED, WHAT ARE YOUR DEMANDS me, through an empty paper towel tube: NEED MORE PAPER TOWELS [rolls over and yawns into a megaphone] babe, you up me: forgive me father for i have sinned. i've never seen The Wire. priest: [retires from priesthood] i just can't anymore. facebook should have a more honest privacy setting called make my friends think im dead i'm not sure how to say this, but things aren't working out and i think we should hold other people up to unrealistic expectations. ok show me the exact quote in the employee handbook that says i can't practice my ninja throwing stars in the womens bathroom i imagine the hardest part of parenting is having to keep your kids alive all the time how does one walk out of a pet store without at least 1 ferret in each hand, and pocket. and mouth can't afford tickets to the big nascar event? go stand on the highway and drink 28 beers it's literally the same thing. stuck in a vicious cycle of settling air hockey disputes with a game of air hockey. can someone check on my family [commercial for sex] a man pounds his fists into his groin over and over. narrator: wish there was something else to do with your genitals? like that time i was jealous of the flies banging on the roof of my car Commissioner Gordon: u gotta help us batman Harvey Dent: yeah we beg u batman: [disappears in a cloud of ecig vapor] Gordon: he does that the first guy to ride a horse was all like GIDDYUP HORSEY and the horse was all like DAMMIT WHO TOLD HIM THAT MAKES US GO most people think it's called fast food cause of how fast it's made but it's really cause of how fast you wanna die after cop 1: drop the pumpkin scones, turn around and walk toward me slowly cop 2: [whispers to partner] cop 1: ya actually can u bring the scones my favorite part of football is when a ref accidentally signals a fighter jet in for landing on the field doctor told me to quit smoking, lose weight, grow a beard and move to the woods to become his forest bride... no way am i quitting smoking [slips Denny's hostess a pack of gushers] ...and make it a booth. legend has it that during world war 1 colonel sanders and his platoon defeated over 11 chickens before being dishonorably discharged one more hotdog left who wants it [jesus speed walks across jeff's pool] woops did i leave both of my bowling trophies in my hands during sex again that's embarrassing t-shirts are great conversation starters. for example: i see you're wearing a t-shirt see ya later step 1. log onto instagram step 2. find wedding day hashtags, ex. SmithWedding2014 step 3. use hashtag step 4. post pictures of yaks robber 1: dude, u got us a horse-drawn carriage for our getaway car? robber 2: tbh, i was hoping we could just spend the day together. last night an inspirational facebook meme saved my life god i sure hope this group of insanely wealthy people who have no idea who i am win their sporting event hey buddy my eyes are up here [points at eyes, over beard of bees] if air bud was a vampire he'd be called air blud. thanks guys. wife: listen, it's either me or the air hockey table me: [getting up out of bathtub of air hockey pucks] huh? sorry, i legit couldn't hear u [tunnels out of prison into another prison] snap big shoutout to for declining my artfully nude selfies but including me in their 101 funniest tweets list Christian Bale watching the Emmys at home in his underwear, mom if there was a batman award i'd win right [overly auto-tuned voice] did u feed the dog [apple store] i want to buy more of your iPhone spaghetti, it's delicious the earbuds? ah im embarrassed wow so how much cop: the robber's getting away on the slip n slide!! other cop: [ripping shirt off] BEST. DAY. EVER. did u hear about Frank, he got into some guy's mouth while he slept and died man dang i didn't even know u could die from that -spiders baseball catchers were originally required to wear face masks to prevent them from kissing the batter's legs can't even imagine how many delicious recipes get exchanged during the football huddle [reaches into paper bag] sweet, still one french fry left. nope just the crumpled up paper from my straw. could my life be any worse mom: brush your teeth and put on your pajamas me: mom i'm a grown man. i don't need u telling me how to get ready for story time. if it doesn't stand over something for 20 minutes with its hands on its hips is it even a dad if you lead a cop to water he has to tell you if he's a horse greetings, this is your captain speaking. if you look out the window to your left you'll see some ginormous boobs i painted on the runway do the people in Fiji know we pay 4 dollars for their tap water life is remembering 90 different log-in IDs and passwords then you die Wendy's CEO: guys guys PRETZEL. FUCKING. SANDWICHES. members of the board: [reluctant clapping] remember that time you started reading this tweet [leaves a romantic trail of chicken nuggets to the bedroom] me: i will absolutely destroy you in chess dude [2 minutes later] dog: checkmate quick heads up: the salad bar at ruby tuesdays is a good place to meet women who like salad but don't wanna talk about it i'm wearing a jetpack to my job interview tomorrow so if they turn me down i can disappoint everyone there by just walking out calmly life is like building a sandcastle. you do your best knowing inevitably a bunch of kids are just gonna destroy it nice truck nuts dude. does that make the rest of the truck the dick? what i'm trying to say is are you driving a giant dick to the ER doctors who cut through my clothes to save my life, thanks for butchering my old ski lift tags i am devastated just swallowed a GoPro to see if i can see all the other GoPros i swallowed yesterday nice chuuch, real topical Poltergeist (1982) - A family moves into a motel. me: siri, clear my evening appointments, i've got a date tonight. siri: lol yeah ok. beep boop beep. gotcha. [montage of me pumping iron, getting ready for my 1st day as a lawyer] the defendant pleads guilty, your honor. also, im hella jacked the hardest i've laughed in a long time. & some guy named killed it last night in Philly!! m yeah i love makeup sex. love covering my body in mascara and passionately kissing the eyeliner pencils shot myself in the foot at laser tag so i could go home police dogs probably look at regular dogs and think i could bust your ass right now for public urination if i wanted [genie appears] i shall grant you 2 wishes don't u mean 3 wishes u goddamn idiots all the time with that. THATS ONLY IN FAIRY TALES i think jake from state farm sounded pretty handsome tbh go ahead and stare idgaf. my choice for a bathing suit is a 3 piece charcoal gray Armani and i apologize to no one. i wish calzones were a thing already -dinosaurs probably before they figured out that u should stop, drop, and roll the common advice was to tell the fire to stop with a firm NO there's no such thing as a free lunch, i say as i put another turkey sandwich in shackles teen romance movie character 1: i'm dying of disease teen romance movie character 2: relax i cure u with good abs hold on, my mom's calling. hello? yeah. yeah. [does jerk off motion] huh? no i was just doing the jerk off motion [flexing into a 2 way mirror] hell yes [psychiatrists with clipboards on the other side] impeccable. yes indeed [does entire inspirational locker room speech with obvious erection] you can wear a visor and a Jewish cap at the same time and that's pretty cool what idiot called them yes-men instead of bro-sures no shirt no service huh, well a little something called THE BILL OF RIGHTS says I have the right to bare arms imagine trying to talk to a cute girl at a bar and it's going well but then you have to tell her you're a professional paintballer i didn't go to my 10 year high school reunion cause there's no app for restraining myself from bashing my own face in with a chair if i lose the ability to speak while im in my deathbed i want u guys to know my sleep number is 45 alright this last song is a cover so sing along if you know the words! [sobs into the mic for 4 minutes] making sure your tweets have perfect spelling & punctuation is the equivalent of wearing a tuxedo to burger king do u ever just space out while wondering if u were conceived on a boat [rips movie ticket] theater 3 on the left this is bullshit -all pet fish Noah 2: Damn, We Forgot the Yaks if u laughed like this in real life: hahaha = ok, pretty normal ahahah = kinda weird but okie dokie bahahaha = [me backing out the door] oh i have to click next for all 10 tips on becoming a more patient person? dude nevermind just sneezed so hard i grew a beard [sneaks a puppy out of a paper bag at the movie theater] u want one bro filled my underwear with oats at the petting zoo and became the goat king today. but enough about me, can i start you guys with some waters sorry you couldn't tell which burrito ingredients i was pointing at through the glass. guess I'll JUST FUCKING TELL YOU WHICH ONES [looks back up at date] sorry, i spaced out. did u say ur a pro lifer or a pro golfer Inception (2010) - a guy convinces an old, confused Japanese man to shoot himself in the head FACT: humans only use about 10% of their something [2 ghosts on a date] wanna go back to my place and have sex in front of the guy that moved in after i died? he'll have no idea lmao my 1st day of prison i walked right up to the toughest looking dude there and booped him on the nose that's the dumbest thing ive ever tweeted which came first, the quicken or the loans im positive i can find a wrong way to eat a Reese's i say as i begin drilling a hole directly into my stomach i'm being arrested by the most ticklish cop right now, he can barely even read me my rights i'm at a duck strip club called Duck Tales where u stuff their g-strings with slices of bread do the spectators at golf tournaments know they don't have to be there funny how people who earn philosophy degrees probably at some point ask themselves why did i do this congratulations. all the choices you've made in your life have led you down a path to this very moment: you reading this tweet. penis. imagine dying with a boner and having to be known as that weird ghost with a boner yeah def [waiter approaches table] how is everything so far well tbh i thought i'd be a father by now but not bad yes hello 911, i just accidentally liked my ex's vacation pic from 2004 oh sure it's ok to walk around with an assault rifle at Target but my antique harpoon is frightening the other shoppers permission to cry, your honor denied. that.[chokes up] just makes me really sad. hey great job u people who save room for dessert i'm clapping for u rn with the breadsticks i bit into the shape of reptile claws july 4th is my favorite holiday bc i can practice my Friends theme claps every time a firework explodes without anyone noticing if your surgeon has a mustache you will absolutely wake up with a hickey police officer: your under arrest me: *youre police officer: *you're me: ah my bad police officer: np see ya later pal me: ok see ya man i just feel bad for the amount we probably sneeze directly into ghosts faces without apologizing i was a guest this week on the listen to hear which string of murders from 1994 i confessed to!! the Incredible Hulk missing his shot for par and throwing his putter into space idiot just snorted the chicken flavor packet from his ramen noodles lmao only the beef one gets you high it doesn't seem possible to hold a trumpet without feeling a slightly frightening rush of power pulling my shirt over my head till my date gets the hint and leaves. still eating french fries through the bottom of my shirt though how embarrassing must it be to not even die that hard hey guys, i'll be on the show this Sunday night with and so tell ya grandmas!! questionnaire for entry into serial killers club: 1. how many reptiles do you own? (if answer 0, ignore the rest of survey, you're in) 2033: ew dude, you vape? omg relax it's not vapor, it's rat souls a group of college girls is called a Sephora [stares over at fiance on couch] i just blew some shit up in call of duty and i'm not even looking. still regret our engagement now still 0 birds yielded from planting $80 worth of birdseed when did they put vampires in game of thrones im so confused listen pal, I wear the pants around here [sliding finger across map] but never, and I mean never, here. no, this right here [zooms in so boob fills entire frame] what is this there are literally people, all the time, who decide to become almond farmers. sir step out of the car. is that grenades i smell on ur breath [exploding really obviously] look officer im gonna level w you so strangers don't want long mouth kisses tonight ok fine i have yet to find a date not say sorry but my family all just died when i come to pick them up on horseback permission to launch free t-shirts at the jury, your honor i think i'd like my funeral to be a surprise funeral. as in surprise. im dead. sir, do you know why i pulled you over [slaps forehead awkwardly hard] cause i COMPLETELY forget lmao this person still doesn't realize they're texting the wrong #. not sure where to go from here... your spirit animal's name is your best friend and your favorite kind of sandwich. mine is grandma salami [walking through pet store] ok get a hold of yourself. just hug one more ferret then bounce i think it's about time we get honest with children about how they're bad at most things it's fun to imagine that the pyramids are shaped like that to make room for gigantic mummy boners how hard must it be for people with photographic memories not to take a mental selfie when looking in the mirror the most underrated superhero imo is Captain America's sidekick, Captain Bulgaria guy is proposing to his gf who works at the bank by staging a fake robbery. everyone went aww as he pistol whipped the manager. beautiful no one wanted me on their basketball team as a kid. i had this thing where i had to kiss the ball before shooting it over the backboard it's cool when basketball players miss a foul shot and get a quick low five from everyone in the first 11 rows of the arena re-posting my friend's instagrammed food as my own till he starts questioning his reality am i really the only one who says smile before taking a selfie [true detective voice] crimes are actually.good, marty audience: wow that's probably right actually my self driving google car won't pull over for this cop and is dumping drugs out the window please help pulled a treat from behind my dog's ear he didn't fucking care even for sale: gorgeous red fire hydrant. very lightly pissed on. -a dog marketing its territory [raises hand like an asshole] TECHNICALLY- at the batting cages. just having a catch with the robotic dads. Babe... [gets down on one knee] I'm [gets down on the other knee] so [lays down on belly] tired [zz] SOMEONE CALL AN AMBULANCE [i do a perfect ambulance call, making sirens with my mouth] wait for it... [flocks of ambulances come flying] my all time favorite prank is saying hey, cool dog. syke. and then God said go forth and be anxious af GhostCop: what's the matter punk... justice have u a little.spooked??. [goes to high five partner but their hands glide thru each other] question: HOW MANY SHARK ATTACKS WOULD HAPPEN IF SHARKS DIDNT EXIST answer: NO ONE KNOWS FOR SURE wonder how many people wearing camo i almost kill with my car everyday [phone call from jail] hii honey... dont get mad but remember when you told me not to get arrested tonight and i did the jerkoff motion Messin with Sasquatch commercials really do good at depicting the lighter side of living the beef jerky life [i sweetly pet a wild baby deer in my lap] aww this is so boring funny how we all have the one friend who's a lamp subtly reply to peoples tbt selfies with wow look how good you looked. [oval office] mr president, our intelligence suggests xbox is just short for extreme box [staring off] bring me my katanas. fast n furious vin diesel: cars are important audience: fuck yes when people say no bones about it i immediately tune out of the conversation. i dont spend time on issues that don't involve bones 43 Pictures That Will Restore Your Faith in Humanity Till You Inevitably See Some Terrible Shit Later Today you could explain cold fusion to the smartest goose in the world he won't give a fuck if they put the tags in the front of shirts i would put them on right on the first try 100% of the time play the seinfeld outro music when they close my casket why these piles of mulch look like they bout to drop the most fire album of 2014 why aren't there home runs in football? if you can throw the ball out of the stadium your team should win the game [sees a boob] GREAT [sees 2 boobs] HAHA NERVOUS LAUGHTER let the record show that the defendant shook his head no when asked if he's seen The Wire [victim's family has to be restrained] they never showed me on tv but i was the guy in dale earnhardt's pit crew that would tie a fresh dildo to his hood every few laps [pulls chair out for blind date. keeps pulling until it's 13 blocks away and in my apartment] wow desperate much haha why aren't u sitting ok [war room] mr president, the Ukrainians are stopping for pinkberry and asked if we want anything [Biden loudly wakes up from pretend sleep] 1 yak boner and suddenly my family is ready to call zoo day a fiasco ive been told i have a pretty unforgettable, confusing ass (i think bc 3 butt cheeks) doctor: u have 6 months to live cool doctor: bro u have 6 months to to live cooler doctor: nurse, beer me his chart. bro u have 6 months to hey sorry to hear about your grandpa man thanks? (i never showed anyone my failed superhero comic. how does he know about grandpa man) oh me nothing much just training this random infant at the food store to only answer to the name Floyd the carbon monoxide detectors in my house went off the other day so we just turned them off. do u guys know if it's safe to own a wild zebra my last girlfriend loved the 96 position where we faced away from each other and played candy crush at opposite ends of the bed [humping therapist's couch] could u not like, write this part down relax pal, in this gang we hug you in. bring it in. wow, not bad. Firm, yet soft enough to intimidate the Bloods, who are terrible kissers you could literally give a horse the finger all day and nothing would happen [breast feeding client] your honor, im breastfeeding my client Objection..I'll allow it... this better be going somewhere counselor ALRIGHT NOBODY MOVE. HANDS UP. LET ME SEE YOUR HANDS. VERY NICE, YOU HAVE BEAUTIFUL HANDS. HAVE YOU THOUGHT ABOUT A CAREER IN HAND MODELI boxing would be cooler if there was a rule that they had to smile throughout the entire fight it's cool when my one dog shits the other one has to go and inspect it like just as i suspected guys. it's shit. [on massage table] excuse me, that hole in the table is for your face so sorry this is my first time... so where is the boner hole getting struck by lightning has got to be the worst way to interact with lightning anyone who says invisibility as a superpower is overrated has never been arrested nude at an old country buffet ok i think im getting it: smh = shaking my head smdh = shaking my dead hamster hi, i'd like a large pizza w/ anchovies. 2 anchovies. preferably a male and female. oh and alive if possible [noah winks at some goats] taking baths is fing gross dude. its just sitting in a tub of filthy water ...so do u wanna go swimming this afternoon it must suck for people who really do have an evil twin and the cops are just like yeah ok pal, hands behind your head had another daydream where i'm doing the mexican hat dance and cia guys watching me from satellites are dancing along in their control room they weren't waving to you but it's ok because you just keep waving back so they know you're just a mime cleaning some windows. so your resume says can pee even when people are watching [slides thumbs under suspenders] just take a look at the floor, sir. you likely don't remember the first time you saw a lamp but you were probably like holy shit whaat a house alarm that says INTRUDER. INTRUDER. INTRUDER. but in the voice of Mike Tyson [reaches over the end piece in the bread bag] why dont u just leave already wonder if nudists have nightmares about showing up to school wearing clothes [yelling from oval office] Joe, did you impose those new sanctions on Russia yet doing it right now [under breath] mom. while all are curious, no one really wants to know where these delicious sausages in the tip jar came from sit me up on my casket with legs crossed and hand clenched for final fist bumps [sets down glasses] your honor, forgive my navet but aren't babies just ghosts that can't fly the inventor of the parachute was a man who tried to commit suicide by jumping out of a plane while wearing his favorite oversized sombrero no joke, the 2 treadmills to the right of me at the gym are occupied by a girlfriend & boyfriend angrily breaking up while jogging walk up in the club like yo this is an Arby's now dang. number 3 please the hardest part about being a magician is convincing your friends you need to go to the hospital when u lose a lim My fellow Americans- Barack we are working tirelessly- Sir to make sure- Barack. You're still wearing ur xbox headset life hack: whack at your face with a knife repeatedly nothing more enjoyable than turning the tail-end of a sneeze into a viking war cry do u even tyrannosaurus wiener bro That'll be $23.50, Sir. [compose tweet] this cashier thinks im a knight lmao trees probably see telephone polls and think damn. that's messed up. no why oh cool u live in a cemetery of murdered trees i mean log cabin, sweet the way to a man\\n heart is thru his stomach said the amateur coroner. oh yes. this guy definitely died of stomach heart Detective u don't have to be here while we exhume Bobo's body I take clown murder very seriously [blows slide whistle as casket is raised] a caterpillar facepalms, i don't want to live on this plant anymore so i woke her up by making her breakfast in bed but she got all mad and tore the scrambled eggs costume right off Christian Bale standing up and being pulled back down to his seat every time an Oscar winner is announced The city of Mathog is safe now says the giant bat dressed as a billionaire whose parents were killed by the opposite of the joker, I guess when a cop asks you how much have you had to drink tonight don't admit that you're not just a figment of his imagination. god: what were his best tweets St. Peter: idk like a bunch of jokes about butts god: nice. open the gates. i storm into my apartment and toss my keys onto my pet elk's antlers you're not gonna believe the day i've had wonder how Mario explained to his boss why he wasn't showing up for any of his plumbing jobs oh ok zoos can hoard monkeys, but me, im under arrest i tried faking my own death once but everyone could hear me screaming inside the casket. which was still open. hi my name is chuuch and Im addicted to taming lions group: hi chuuch [pets the perfectly trained lion next to chair] where do I begin. Juliet: yo I'm dead Romeo: same Juliet: OR AM I. u say tomato i say tornado u say potato i say tornado tomato tornad-ok sit there and name food. i'm gonna head to the tornado shelter. and do u sir, take this tornado to be your lawfully wedded wife WHAT [priest sighs] DO U WANNA MARRY THIS LOUD ASS TORNADO sheriff, it was a six foot tall new born baby. you're telling me you wouldn't have tried to fight him out of curiosity if she doesn't reciprocate ur first i love u , press ur finger to ur strategically placed bluetooth & say oh cool u love me too? nice how exactly does one look a baby directly in the eye and name him Stanley [noah waves the last 2 animals onto the ark] welcome to the sex boat lol. wtf am i doing w my life u.s.a.: prom? Canada: I'm already going with Mexico u.s.a.: goddamnit. do u have Botswana's number And for the first time in history, we interview a bear, live on tv. You'll be shocked to hear where he says he shits. At 11. Batman grows tired of autocorrect changing batman to banana hi your honor, i object to the prosecution's use of the phrase obviously drunk defense lawyer hey, welcome to unsure anonymous? SS SS SS Ss ss s. -snake laughing pretty hard paper or plastic, sir [12 hours later] can u repeat the question road rash most commonly occurs in people who have unprotected sexual intercourse with roads mr. CEO, i think i speak for everyone here on the board when i say [loud Pterodactyl noises] and here's your contract. congrats, you're now a professional word switcher. thank you. this is gonna be career for my [long pause] huge cops just busted this cop rave and everyone's arresting each other. the high ones are committing police brutality to the rhythm of the music [climbs a Tibetan mountain for 6 days & stumbles out of breath into a Buddhist monastery] please. please tell me u have wifi Bear Grylls lies on the floor at Starbucks peeing into his own mouth, this is literally the only way to survive in this environment place ur hands behind ur head, turn around and walk slowly towards. the light. [god dressed as a cop] welcome to heaven, it's dress up day baby, i don't know about u, but i'm ready to go make love while our bodies turn this romantic dinner we just had into poo [throws boomerang really hard] you stupid goddamn boomerang ok wow nice comeback OPEN UP. THIS IS THE POLICE. THANK YOU. CAN WE USE YOUR BATHROOM the fanny pack was invented by a guy who made millions and got crazy laid for creating a product that prevented millions from getting laid that's a risk im willing to take i say while swallowing another delicious grenade [Joe Biden shakes Michelle Obama's hand for the 1st time] so like first lady... ever? idk doc, people keep saying i don't understand simple concepts hmm. ok open your mouth and say ahh uhh. [a chubby Jesse Pinkman stands in the the desert] ok where did we bury those club sandwiches America runs on Duncan [Duncan is chained to a wall with wires jutting from his head. someone off camera tells him to give a thumbs up] hello 911? some stranger here at Olive Garden just yelled for me to call you. soo uh... what's it like working for 911 what are u in for? sins, u same how long's ur sentence eternity omg dude same haha going to hell after freezing to death probably feels ok for a hot minute [climbs to the upper bunk bed with an ice pick] aand i forgot my diet dew [lets some rope down to the floor] wanna feel old? today's your 50th wedding anniversary. congrats btw i said yep and nodded through the whole tropical bird presentation so everyone knows i already know this shit Day 4 of day counting: getting easier every day. Almost at 6 the cop turns my fanny pack inside out & more fanny packs fall to the ground. several sirens are heard approaching from the distance i'd like to speak to your supervisor. right away sir, one moment [puts on gigantic visor] ok. i put the phone right up to it *courtroom goes silent as the judge slams gavel repeatedly* oh, carry on guys. just putting this desk together. 9-1-1 help, someone buried me alive *looks at phone* christ, and there's no wifi mr. president, all the mall Santas are dead. the war on christmas is over. *obama pulls a warm bottle of champagne from his desk* sorry i yelled DONT TOUCH MY PRIVATES & ran when u went to shake my hand it's ok man. lets try this again *sprinting away* PERVERT ALERT this guy with binoculars has been watching me watch him with binoculars and i don't know who's winning relax guys, it's just a house fire. -a fish. in a fish bowl. thanks for going on a date with me *sneezes fire across dinner table* sorry i'm getting over a cold *wiping nose* oh and i'm a large dragon oh no, this is so scary or whatever lol -giraffe in quicksand don't feel too bad for people with chronic amnesia. they can watch Breaking Bad for the first time over and over. yikes. so you can't train a horse to be a seahorse i'm filling in for the dr while he's on vacation. let's start by testing ur body sauce. and do u think he'll be mad when he finds out Dr. Loud, we're losing the patient GET ME A SCAPEL AND PAGE DR. UNSURE Im right here. We should remove his lungs REALLY? I don't know. wow hey mike, it's been years. how have u been not well. not well. my instagram is pretty much a joke lately, almost no likes why do u seem mad right now. you tell me you found out you're adopted, i laugh politely, you storm off. what am i missing i'm out of weed but *rolls up sleeves* we can smoke these sleeves probably i'm donating my body to Science Diet. i wanna be dog food at some point. sorry. we don't negotiate with terrorists *terrorist opens a bag of Funyuns* but i guess there's always some wiggle room tho the cop in this first-aid class shot the CPR dummy and has been nervously rehearsing his coverup story in the corner for 20 minutes you're late *c.i.a. agent slides envelope across the table* did anyone follow you *opens twitter & sighs* negative, sir Wolf, Im pregnant. *tearful Wolf Blitzer hugs wife & whispers* welcome to the Situation Womb. a musical montage of me stepping out of the dressing room in different halloween masks w/ Kevin Spacey face-palming over and over honestly it just makes me fat free italian when u tell me salad dressings aren't a good way to describe emotions movies never show the part in the ending where the hero drives into the sunset and has to pull down the visor *tosses a e-cig grenade* relax guys, it's not smoke it's just water vapor always high-five Wolverine after he defeats an enemy. never go for the fist bump You'll laugh, you'll cry. Please follow all right class welcome to Intro to Sitting 101. everyone have a seat. *confused whispering among class* this ninja school graduation ceremony is beautiful. all the new ninjas just threw their ninja stars into the air in celebr brought a knife to a tickle fight and hahaha stop hahahA damnit dude haha ok i swallowed my knife do u know if police dogs can smell indie rock and knitted gloves u killed another ba- barista, yeah. i'm telling you man, elephant pants are gonna be huge . can u help me speak to my father *crumples a hamburger next to the phone* sorry, i'm having trouble hearing u over this delicious hamburger noise call u later ok so it's ok for god to work in mysterious ways but i'm not allowed to drink in a tent at work. ok ok team. we need to get more kids to drink milk yo i got it. we'll put photos of missing kids all over the cartons. Everyday Fitness Tip #41: jog a few laps around the office before exiting during an emergency building evacuation CUT. Jim can u please stop breaking the 4th wall? *turns to camera* what does that even mean look i'm no doctor but i don't think u should've let me do this surgery a toaster levitates out the door at Sears and into my car. i start the engine and begin taking off my camo jumpsuit and gloves joe. hey joe i launched the nukes by accident how do i cancel this *joe snoring face down on desk* ahh whatever it's just Alaska best perk of being a famous magician is being able to saw a man in half to his death in a crowded park & the cops just clap and walk away there's no better negotiation tactic than bursting out of a pair of breakaway pants right before you talk price on a used toyota mom hasn't opened her surprise x-mas gift yet with me inside the box. it's hard to breathe & now the living room sounds like a garbage truck are you ready for judgment day i ask my date as she pushes her seat another inch closer towards the Outback Steakhouse exit pretty sure this will be the year i finally quit making predictions this year's resolution is to respond to every text with LOL regardless of how somber the message bought an iPhone from a hooded man in an alley, before i put it to my ear do they normally come with a trigger *dunking a dildo in hot water like a tea bag* your mother called while you were at yoga. happy birthday. i got you a karaoke machine that sings the songs for you. the gentleman at best buy called it a sterrio well so far strangers hate surprise kung fu your nachos have been pre-instagram filtered. compliments of the chef Flo from Progressive and Jake from State Farm make a baby. Obama's finger shivers over a button labeled launch all the nukes crabs just call it the walk it's a lonely job, wandering forests with a water bucket, knowing ur the only one who can prevent them from burning to the ground. that's a rather intricate bullet proof vest ur wearing this is a front-side baby carrier. this is my baby... dude that's messed up nope *turns toward Cops cameraman* two weeks on the force... i've never seen anything like this *partner is writing a jaywalking ticket* in a standoff at the gas station with this cashier who thinks he can tell me to have a nicer day than i told him to have. you're honor, my client- hold on... *long recess w/ client* ok my really high client wants to know if he can eat his Cheetos during the trial my qualifications? i slide a photo of me sitting on my Sea-Doo in the garage across the table. now let's talk salary. Here's a list: 1. that's 2. really 3. not that 4. helpful ok so ur blood test came back negative. no that's not great news. ur blood has a bad attitude. sir, stop swearing, that's ur blood talking request for a new client, your honor, i think this one's guilty the neighs have it. this is now horse-congress. when feeling down i try to remind myself that there's still time for Ralph Macchio to star in a Karate Kid sequel called Karate Man And does anyone object to this marriage? *future-seeing cyborg in the audience starts to raise his hand* *his robot wife kicks his leg* you could literally declare yourself king of Alaska and no one would even question it Greetings, this is your captain speaking. Can anyone here tell me how many thousand feet are in 10 meters & help me turn off all the beeping *slides open shower curtain* i don't know why i wash my hands in here. dad sends you a snapchat that reads just wanted to say that im really proud of you and i love you. it's set for 1 second. i enter the event w/ rap sirens & babes in bikinis wheeling me in on a flaming chariot. you've already decided my funeral is the dopest ever bravo. you people who can save the other half of your sandwich for later. crazy to think how in the end you'll be a skeleton for eons longer than a living body. anyway my name's Eugene, can i buy you a drink i hold up a mirror and bounce the laser dot from your gun back dead center onto your forehead. your move, asshole. doc said my liver is failing but i think it's just not applying itself a self-checkout line with 0 mirrors what a joke the big bang theory intro music plays loudly for a minute as i fumble for my phone. sorry everyone. the funeral proceeds. *jesus stops talking, mid-sentence* someone is taking my name in vain. how do you know my fr- right. again. your frankinsenses. god leads jesus out the front door, hands over his eyes. merry you-mas. a Lexus with a red bow is sitting in the driveway. do these camouflage pants make my surroundings look fat taking the wind into account i was able to punt a football directly into my own face c.i.a.sayswhat *silence* ok he's good to go. welcome to the terrorists a generation of people who lost years off our lives for forgetting the computer volume was at 100% and friend signed off AIM at 3am i grow the smoothest corn in the state and you expect me not to open with this when i meet your father ok if i'm ever wounded and dying in someone's arms i'm going to pee my pants in their lap cause like what are they gonna get mad look, i watched your kids for you. you should have been more specific if that meant more than watching them run off into the night you're wanted for murder are you saying you want me, officer yes, for murder but u want me yes *intro to Kiss from a Rose starts playing* mom stop winking. am i adopted or not the thing about walking my pet spider is it takes 2 hours to get to the end of the driveway and the neighbors think i'm walking a leash *wearing a GoPro on my head* no i'm fine. just thought this date would be more extreme Sorry for your loss not sorry for your loss. *hitler leans in close to the mic* and the next person to question me gets executioned *grammar nazi bites lip* hmm someone must have hacked my linkedin profile and put all those pictures of me executing flawless tai kwon do right on there wow, so sick sometimes respect is easier earned through silence i say as i choose not to submit a well worded but edgy post on the Ford truck forum what do you think, cops just grow on trees? *pulls open huge gate door* of course they do. welcome to cop orchards, here's ur basket, enjoy A thank you. -Elvis A thank you very much. -Elvis again hi doctor. what's my prognosis. well, u have absurdly gigantic penis syndrome. oh no. dang it. what's the fastest way to tell everyone cause of death: unknown. but we found this half digested bloomin onion in his stomach. wtf don't eat it Sgt. we're looking for some sauce shrimps are candy canes of the sea i explain to the Supreme Court as 1 judge whispers is he right about this in the ear of another judge General Motors was the first wartime general to fuck a car on the battlefield slow-mo shot of me sucking my balls up into my abdomen as u land what should be a devastating groin kick. i'm zen-like as u flee, terrified i kicked down the door at the pet store to tell them their restraining order expired. i'll be refereeing ferret wrestlemania till they renew all i'm saying is that when they discover that ice can feel pain we're gonna have a lot of traumatized figure skaters mall Santas are just the body doubles he uses to thwart assassination 2013 pre-nuclear holocaust: buffalo chicken wings are delicious 2043 post-nuclear holocaust: buffalo wings are delicious the funniest way to starve to death is like a thousand different dogs leap from out of nowhere & steal the food out of ur hands for weeks Static Man, help! His heart stopped! But I retired. I...I can't *someone holds up a rug and fuzzy socks* Fuck it, stand back *cheering* survive any bear attack by putting your arms out to the side and pretending to be a unthreatening maple tree me, walking away from an explosion without watching, like a badass, but instead it's a fight i instigated between 2 strangers at Best Buy Obama puts out a cigarette in an overflowing ashtray and raises a tape recorder to his mouth. Pizza drones. Like drones that drop pizzas. why are you wearing an astronaut suit i'm dressing for the job i want fine. can you clear the plates from table 11 The term freedom was coined in 1756 by a Pennsylvania prison inmate named Dom We went ghost hunting with bows and arrows tonight. Gary insisted on standing behind the ghosts. RIP Gary. in soviet Taco Bell, mas lives you sorry for your loss. here's a fruit basket of bananas. like 200 bananas I told a pal about my painful breakup today and he told me to say la vee and you know what it really helped Braveheart - deleted scene 7a: Braveheart snorts a line of coke down the length of his claymore Dude we killed like a ton of horses today instagram photos of us from the food's perspective. it's just our stupid faces, hashtag im sushi heaven to this girl, apparently Nice. Free samples. *reaches shoulder deep into a lobster tank* keep a bag of McRibs warm until morning in between you and your lover's bodies while spooning and enjoy a romantic breakfast in bed if there's two things in life i couldn't live without it's my shrink ray and my shrink, Ray hi i'd like 2 large stuffed butt pizzas and an order of breadsticks im sorry but did you say fredsticks had another flashback while shooting t-shirts into the crowd and blacked out. they tell me all of section 107 is dead. *watching a cop walk past during drug deal* ok relax, just be cool... bonjour mademoiselle how much of le methamphetamine dost thou fancy a hat for your dad that says #1 hat u wake, confused w/ a pounding headache. u reach in ur pocket & pull out a napkin with the # to the zoo. it's in a giraffe's handwriting. singing death metal songs in the shower, i'm lathering the most hardcore areas of my body indiegestion is just like indigestion but you've probably never had it before all people named Sheila use too much hairspray. doing burnouts w/ your car is illegal only bc if too many ppl do it at the same time in the same direction it messes w/ the earth's rotation if you're out on a date and you don't back your car into the space at the restaurant you can kiss that 2nd date goodbye never stop resisting arrest until the cop says Simon says stop resisting or you'll lose all credibility with the jury tip for the fellas: keep your nipples covered by your fingers during foreplay. mystery is a powerful aphrodisiac. being an amateur heart surgeon is pretty rewarding. apologizing to all the families is probably the hardest part 20 minutes of sitting this baby on the baby changing table in the restroom and it's still just a stupid baby thanks everyone for the congrats. pretty wild. i &lt;9 you I have to piss like a race horse right now Well go ahead, the bathroom's right there You don't understand. I have to get on all fours girl, are you an M. Night Shyamalan movie because wow you've been a lamp this whole time? nice. when u sync ur crippling anxiety with iTunes u get hourly reminders of everything you've been putting off lately *picks up entire picture frame to look at a photo* why do people in movies always do this i'm no cousin of a Nigerian prince but *checks email* holy crap, never mind. someone fetch me something dope ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha i laugh in morse code saying please kill me as my date tells me a cute cat story note: i was just thinking about how vulnerable we are during sleep is a terrible response to dude how long were you watching me sleep the elephant ghost in the room is really creeping everyone out but nobody wants to address it if u didn't want this pouch of human skin why did you put ur hand up and say great job mike, gimmie some skin got my blood test results back today, and it's just as i feared. my body is filled with a ton of blood. Thank you for calling The Universe. press 1 for midlife crisis press 2 for existential crisis press 3 for all other crises to repeat press # Here lies Douglas. 1811-1901 Dude was a farmer or some shit. YOLO Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, the defendant went to Jared. *the jury goes aww in unison* Jared is a hitman. *1 juror goes aww * I'm sorry Captain, but we lost the French Tickler GODDAMNIT SERGEANT *slams fist through desk* WHO THE HELL IS GONNA TICKLE THE FRENCH NOW hi, i have the perfect amount of balls. that's less than 4 and more than 1. you'll see when i pull up to the 2nd window. today i was told i have a face for radio and the genitalia for erotic audio books may i say a couple words about the deceased? thank you. Tim was a giant douche. *the room gasps* ok wow, sorry. that was a few. the Mortal Kombat song for our first dance at the wedding or this engagement is over *i bite into a food truck* ok this tastes just like every other truck here u can't pet a goldfish without taking it out of the water & even then it's not that satisfying for either party when gang members marry each other they go on a relaxing homeymoon i was doing yard work today when i stopped to tell a pile of leaves how cold fusion works. needless to say they were blown away. i give up. i can't resist beeping along with the cashier's scanner at the supermarket any longer well, i've concluded my research with rat nipples. they got em. drop my casket into a half pipe *raises hand* do the scientists ever fall in love with the rats we're looking into that but our preliminary impression is yes how nice of you to show up to Passive Aggressive club this week hollywood never depicts the reality that when two gun fighters run out of bullets they usually decide who dies with chess-off at Sbarro put the parents\\ nerves at ease by chuckling and saying i won't actually sit ON your baby then wink *genie appears* i shall grant you 3 wishes cool, well 1st i wish for world peace lol yeah i'll get right on that. what do u really want dude relax, you'll do fine. just imagine that everyone is wearing like a ton of clothes -nudists Pruufread your crap chuuch *leans against the counter at the comic store* hi i'd like to return this Ring of Power. so far it's only made me invisible to women. sex tip: ask her if she knows what the peepee is for and let me know what she says when you get a chance thanks man taking a tour through a police station is great cause u can hear all the police guys saying stuff like not on my watch & muffins. nice. just once i wanna gently close the eyelids of dead guy & not have him say dude i'm not dead we're literally in the middle of a conversation *my thumbs raise involuntarily* seriously? during dinner? my date asks i can't help it. they sense that someone online is getting owned the Breaking Bad intro theme starts playing every time i crumple up a Chipotle burrito wrapper? every time i walk into a club everyone stops dancing and stares at me. and it always makes me self conscious about my suit made of ham. working at Sea World is awesome. i finally have porpoise in life. never wear a suit to a job interview. it's nearly impossible to do karate in a suit. Johnson. Yes detective? Put out an A.P.B. on *looks around office* ceiling fan U don't know what an A.P.B. is, do u ...Hand in ur badge how come when i rub my dog's belly till he whimpers it's cute but when i rub my belly till i whimper people pull their kids in & back away it's funny, Owl City followed me for 12 hours which is exactly how long i vomited for after hearing their last album no thank you i prefer 2% milf if you stay awake long enough you can literally see wifi seriously guys, how awful is that starbucks place *everyone makes a wincing sound* there's one right behind me. isn't there. problem: you're out of condoms solution: you're a desk lamp any zoo can be a petting zoo if you can climb the glass i invented a board game where everyone is a detective and must uncover the murderer, the weapon, and the last Celine Dion song they cried to i've grown my mustache down over my mouth and all the other ventriloquists here are wondering why they never thought of that before everyone from a police lineup going out for pizza afterwards. except for Gary. Taken 6: Im Taken You to Prom? *does a burnout in front of a group of babies* hope they know how cool that is did you know that these literally disappear if you don't eat them for 2 years? i lift my shirt and point to my abs. everyone at the petting zoo goes nuts. there's a goat doing a handstand behind me. david blaine covered in honey while levitating over a pack of angry bears. they begin forming a bear pyramid as the crowd grins in unison. thanks for letting me take you on a date. you have really beautiful blonde scalp strings. where are you going wanna feel old? the rest of us inhabited Mars decades ago. you're sitting on earth reading this tweet like a dope. hopefully im a lion or a cool ass zebra now on my gravestone Sgt. Smith, I'm sending u on a suicide mission *Smith groans* Actually, scratch that. Can u just help me move next wk? *Smith groans louder* Once per year I put on my dad's old Santa Claus outfit, go down to the local children's hospital and get drunk in the parking garage. finally won my first knife fight today. idiot didn't even bring a knife. when computer geeks do S&M the safe word usually contains at least one number and a capital letter if 2 cops are chasing u on foot and 1 of them splits off from their partner, that dude is tackling u from out of nowhere in like 10 seconds I built you a time machine for your birthday. Wow thanks, you shouldn't have. Ok but Im gonna need to borrow your time machine for this. My fellow Americans, I'd like to say woof *my advisors glance at each other off camera as i keeping woofing* He's fucking nailing this. doctor, you need to stop saying u mad after delivering a prognosis the first person to grow crops probably wondered if they were a sorcerer it's hard to tell if a worm is having an erection or is just two perpendicular worms *slides gun to you across a hardwood floor* ok that looked cool. slide it back to me now. nice. Never run from your problems, son echoes in my head as I stand defiant, waiting for the lava to roll over my body a wager made between two large manly guys is called an alphabet *puts crime-scene photos in a rocket* Ok stand back Detective, what are u doing? What does it look like, Im launching this investigation i put my leather winter gloves on the just like everyone else - cackling like a serial killer in front of my co-workers i'm the guy tagged in the background of all your party photos who's waiting to use the bathroom so i can leave it's recommended that people drive w/ their hands at 10 & 2. it's recommended that octopi drive w/ their hands at 10, 2, 9, 3, 8, 4, 7, & 5 hey mom, i'm in the hospital. i made soup but i ate the can again. idk, the directions weren't specific enough for your FAILURE SON I GUESS 1st day as President: every Juggalo receives a catapult. Day 2: every Juggalo is strongly encouraged to catapult themselves into the ocean. french women wear american maid costumes *turns the Fox NFL theme music way up* ok. ready for this make out sesh. Um hey Brutus? Did a bunch of you just unfollow me? Hmm I don't know what to say, C. Must be a twitter glitch. Sir, u have 6 months to live That's nice, honey *flips thru a magazine* Ur not even listening to me, are u Yeayea 6 months leave, got it my dentist seems sort of down today so i've been grunting loudly during my cleaning and he's fucking loving it if my financial rap game isn't appreciated here i'll just take it to another H&R Block What brings u into my office today? *dog just sits there* So ur a dog.U don't talk do u No no I do, Im just thinking about the question there's 2 ways we can go here, bucko: my way, or the highway. i prefer the scenic route but really the highway is probably a lot faster good old spit-take Johnny - who was constantly shocked by how great his water tasted, has died of dehydration *appears next to u in ur kitchen out of thin air* Hey Where the hell did u come from? There was a terrible accident. Mind if I respawn here 9pm is light dimming time at the roller rink. all systems go for a good cry while skating to a power ballad. The Sixth Sense 2: Totally Forgot I was a Ghost, Thought People were Ignoring Me Again ghosts are watching you masturbate. all day. so. here we are. yes. here we are. *i request only 1 ingredient for my burrito* sour cream. *the manager pukes in the background* Who peed on my sponges I announce to the party as the man known as the sponge pisser leaps from the balcony, into a waiting convertible i slap a lot of sandwiches out of the hands of some pretty ungrateful people who don't appreciate my poisoned sandwich premonitions if you ask a dog if it's a cop they have to say woof been yelling from inside the heating vent for days and no one seems to notice. do they know i'm stuck or has the noise become comforting *kicks down the door at Wendy's* SHOW ME THIS BACONATOR WHOM I WILL SWIFTLY DEFEAT wear cleats on ur first date to show how dedicated u are to running traction. u won't get laid but u can run to Arby's hella fast afterward Vin Diesel leads the MTV cameraman to his bedroom & this is where the magic hap- suddenly remembering the wallpaper is pics of Paul Walker aliens have intercepted our electronic selfie communication and have decided not to initiate a peaceful encounter if you tackle a man who is about to light a cigarette and say dude, gas leak he's just going to thank you and you got to tackle someone i learned all i know about snapping my enemies necks from pez if timed right, u can rapidly mute and unmute ur tv while Wolf Blitzer speaks to hear him pleading i am my beard's prisoner over and over really, we'd rather not have a hype-man at this funeral they tell me as i echo every prayer with a what-what wet ur finger and rub it around the rim of ur glass for a few minutes. look up at the waiter and say sounds like a yes on more breadsticks are adults just babies operating large and fragile exoskeletons? many scientists have agreed to disagree on the matter a cool thing about being an actor is that u can cry really hard in public then look around and say ACTING and then everyone claps Get real man. Stop acting like you live in some cartoon world, it's patheti- *i'm already miles away as u talk to a smokey silhouette of me* Great presentation today, wanna do lunch? Thanks, I haven't fucked a sandwich in years though. sorry i said epic when you told me how your uncle died *starts power point presentation* ok so there's like a ton of cool science in our balls Luke Skywalker making the light saber turning on sound as he unzips at the urinal if you're in a pinch & need to resolve a dispute asap you can use slices of pepperoni and a flannel shirt to play checkers While u were away I thought I'd surprise u with a new home-makeover! U were supposed to feed my cats Yeah they escaped during all the work Stuffed crust pizza that's stuffed with an entire other pizza. Has pizza science gone too far? The Yahoo presses come to a grinding halt sitting in a tree, out of granola bars, waiting for the cats dressed as firemen to get here. hour 5. trees are lazy pieces of shit listen, i don't know how u eels got in my into my apartment but i'm moving & i need to know if u plan coming with me so i can plan this out Two prison guards argue over whether soup counts as a last meal. This is so Seinfeld haha I quip as my legs are strapped to the chair. *stroking a llama way too hard* very nice sir, i see you're enjoying our new heavy petting zoo hoo yes. very much. i spend all night putting the finishing touches on my family tree and none of them will join me in it up here there's little we can do for him now, ma\am can't you use those electric shock paddles? i mean, i guess. im charging my DS though, so. a person can drown in as little as half an inch of horse urine i say, trying not to fumble over my words like an idiot on this first date So it says here in your resume that you speak wind *i inhale deeply & blow all of the papers off the desk* That's correct sir, fluently 9-1-1? Hi, yes, I've fallen and there's no one here to hear it *dial tone* wish i could find someone with an opinion about the flu shot we're out of money & my family doesn't know i'm selling my body to pay for my flute lessons. the lengths i've gone to disguise my progress sorry, Batman *shuts down the Dad Signal* i don't think he's coming. dear internet user, the 1st annual internet trolls convention has been postponed until November 36th does anyone know how to get into a Best Buy without being greeted by security like a criminal this cop wants proof of insurance (which i have) but i know my rights as a citizen and i can legally challenge him to a sex thrust contest how cute, all the trick-or-treaters dads in my neighborhood have coordinated their costumes and thousand yard stares *taps a llama on the shoulder* hi. great costume. gravity is the earth's way of saying please don't leave me thinking of putting my dagger collection on display in my room in case i meet a girl who's into sexually inexperienced guys is it true that once ur a dad u always get interrupted right before biting into a big beautiful sandwich you spent a lot of time making Doctor, this erection has been going on for well over 4 hours now *doc puts down clipboard and takes off glasses* That's fucking awesome. agree to disagree. but i think it is possible to be too good *kicks the Kid's Meal out of the cashier's hands into the ceiling* at karate Canadianized bees are known for being rather apologetic after they sting so i opened the passenger door for this girl, like a gentleman, and she shook her head and kept walking right to her car and drove off? my Obvious Virgin costume just won this Halloween contest which is nuts cause i didn't dress up this year how good was the joker at carving pumpkins probably Day 3 directing traffic: I have yet to be run over no matter how feverishly I wave the orange flag directly over my head as a kid i wanted to be a ninja turtle when i grew up. lol like how the hell did i expect i could transform into a karate master like that Hi Im here for the dryer u put on Craig's list Great. Let me pack my suitcase Uh Yeah that's me, Im the dryer. Bye kids *packs towels* *Seinfeld episode ends* genius, George! i'll just do the opposite of whatever my instincts tell me to do *dies days later from dehydration* thanks boss, im quite honored by this promotion to Senior Manager of Just Sit There and Look Pretty but- oh ok wow a back rub too all i know is that i'll be dying, taking my last breath & think of a great joke n i'll have to decide b/w ilu, family & a joke about balls here are your new dentures and here's your complimentary bag of corn on the cob. do you mind if we film you eating the corn Permission to treat the witness as hostile, ur honor Denied *grabs witness by the shirt.whispers* Holy shit are u lucky *sheaths lego sword* mom. dad. i've given it a lot of thought, and i think i'm ready to be your parents now *coughs while lighting a pipe* sucks how so many ppl make snap judgments about u for sitting in the child seat of a shopping cart & pushing urself around by ur tippy toes im just really random lol -the cosmos i don't think i'll ever get the recognition i deserve for being the world's biggest pessimistic narcissist Sir, I need u to remove ur sombrero while in our restaurant Ah, sorry *takes it off, revealing another sombrero* fyi this could take a while Hey bud, why are you sitting in your closet, are you upset? Nah I've just been going through some stuff. enough ballz for all y\all should be left out of your professional email signature. -my weird boss yoga can only get you out of so many life threatening situations before the public labels you a hero Where the hell were u Batman? We've been shining the bat signal all night Damnit if you'd learn to text maybe I'd get here a little faster for a first date do i go grappling hook tucked into the belt or let it hang over the hip experts speculate that if he were alive today, Jesus would have up to a million twitter followers i've been described as no, not right now and seriously dude, im not in the mood to answer a survey about you Damn, you clean up nice I say with a wink, watching myself vacuum in the mirror Pat Sajak's O-face is just a big, toothy smile it's estimated that 60% of hospital visits are due to the consequences of accidentally knocking over a row of motorcycles there's a mushroom out there somewhere eating a human and tripping their balls off i can't handle me at my worst practiced my spirit fingers for too long and ended up contacting my dead aunt Millie by accident. she was happy to know i passed finals. another word about the voice and I will turn this death star right around And in closing, Im good at pee and look forward to pooping with this company. A mad lib as a cover letter? Sir. You're fucking hired. Can I get an amen? 300 an ounce. *sigh* Give me a half. would u like to sign up for our club card? omg *projectile vomits across the counter* haha that means yes. im just really excited sorry, backyard karate lessons are canceled today. i have some stuff to take care of roundhouse. sorry i dropped the mic after the eulogy *walks out of the apple store at the mall* haha i hate the future hey so you wanna go back to my place? i have a motorcycle bed that one of us can sleep on. one of us will have to stay in mom's room I guess it must be a strange mix of emotions as a field mouse, going for a thrilling ride in an eagle's claws, knowing it's not going to end well when feeling sad i like to wear my somberero fun: stand in a shadowy part of your tv room holding the remote like a detonator when they sing the national anthem before a football game Hi I want to return these croutons. Very abrasive They're for eating *i turn to my wife* They're for eating *shakes croutons from sweater* can't help but shake my head at people who don't use water fountains to wash their genitals like originally intended anytime two people anywhere in the world do the Jim Halpert face at the same time they mathematically cancel each other out and disappear 9 years as a chiropractor and still can't help but scream holy ravioli! every time i crack a spine cheeseburgers floating gently around your kitchen is a lot like what pet goldfish experience when you feed them most of the people u see with great skin are undead, failed government science experiments. reserve your jealously, for they long for death I'm overwhelmed by all the congrats and well wishes on the milestone. Thank you all! I love you all very much. i like to think that meteorologists can't help but sense barometric pressure even while on vacation you can't limbo with an erection they told me. it's impossible! That was 16 years ago. Son, it's time you saw my limbo trophy room. moan a little as the guy behind the counter adds each item to your burrito. quietly. but loud enough that it throws off his concentration. welcome to fireman school. raise ur hand if you thought this was firefighter school *all hands raise* wrong *lights self on fire* FIREMAN oh great. he's shoving the angry dragon machine around again -probably most dogs while you vacuum the ladies call me the Christmas advertisement cause it seems like i always come way too early i'm just looking for a girl in the streets, really we just weren't ready for it *misty eyed, staring out over a field of lifeless bodies face-down in strawberry preserves* not this jelly. use my pouty selfie with the caption ugh. worst day ever for my funeral ceremony portrait sorry but your p diddy is in another castle fuck off, im hugging that bear and then he hugged the bear. would anyone else like to say a few words before we close the casket got sent home from fight club tonight for highlighting the fact that announcing the rules technically violated both 1 and 2 hi, grandma? can u come pick me up from my rap battle? it's over. no, i lost. he saw u drop me off & did a pretty devastating rhyme about it so tears melt cotton candy, fyi how cool is it that we can't see our intestines but we know they're gross Request for a brief recess, your honor. Denied. Dang. *glances at the razor scooter leaned against the wall and sighs* Fav if you're a witch. RT if you're probably a witch. The rest of you are witches and will be burned immediately. i just used the phrase lending power in conversation. pls drive me to the middle of the desert and leave me there to think for a few years Lars from Metallica writes all of his birthday wishes in Italica a wise man once said yo, nice do other people in chuck e cheese ball pits know if you're sad sucks having to wipe someone else's pee off a toilet seat so the next person doesn't think you're a gross manchild U can't use those as ear plugs Sorry, what? I said, u can't use hot dogs as ear plugs Yeah I caN't HEAR U THROUGH THESE HOTDOG EAR PLUGS uncles are equal parts cool dad and asshole brother yawns are just ghost snakes leaving the body when they get bored of you a 4 second gif of me blowing on a spoon of ice cream am i correct in assuming this resume is edible the only crucial element of a civilized society is the availability of the Nerd Rope *takes drag from bubble gum cigar* dad. i think it's time i told you where i came from. the muffin man, holed up at a safe house in south sacramento, waiting for the heat to die down HEY YOU STUPID PUNK LAWNS, GET OFF MY KID -old lawn in a cool alternate universe i am pretty much useless in the morning until the first hot cup of coffee is poured over my genitals hostile aliens seeing the great wall of china from space & turning right the hell around. splarflam they say, which means yo, fuck that if i was the ghost of christmas past i'd show people all the times they thought nobody heard them masturbating i tried to reason with a tornado but it just sucked my bike into the sky and bounced if he were at my office i'd feed that hump day camel a bag of forks And now, an HBO presentation of True Blo- *click* 2055: someone invents a method for smoking sexual intercourse. the same year, someone inhales 2nd hand intercourse but brags it was 1st hand Hulk Hogan's new children's book, Are you my brother? more like tai kwon don't most of the mix CDs i've made for people have a 26 second hidden bonus track of John Denver having a really loud orgasm Can I ask u why there's a pigeon on ur shoulder? He's my advisor Oh. So u wanna get lunch? *pigeon whispers in my ear* We're gonna pass. hypothetically, how much time should one sit around in the donation room at the sperm bank to make it seem like i didn't finish in 9 seconds *nestles into a warm, cozy bed* mm thug life, indeed my instincts for justice have been noticeably more dynamic since i started sleeping while standing up you can tell a lot about a person from their apology to fart ratio Describe your work ethic in 3 words Well, I guess- We'll get back to you all these video game ads that use battle footage juxtaposed w/ soft, non-battly music really tug at the more tender roots of my blood thirst this summer i just need a girl bff one i can gossip with share secrets with talk about boys with just saw incredibles 2 a good movie but all my childhood trauma is still in tact and my mom is still dead good movie tho i guess everyday, every single day i wake up and i live a full day. with no ass. you cannot imagine my struggles how fuckin happy pride month. to all you homophobic people, you have to be gay this month it is the LAW ! im goin on tour here is a sneakpeak ive been working on for months to show you what it would be like. request ur ci living alone at 19 (gone sexual) sorry my dick broke summer time bitches let ya titties out enough about lip fillers yall look like puffer fish what about knee fillers? i wanna be taller can i add that shit im always sweaty im a sweaty fucking BEAST yall be like oh i cant date a cancer im a tortoise but bitch! the real deal breaker is a outie belly button e so much new music tonight im on another level i feel so fucking uncomfy opening up about stuff im uncomfortablehehe why do they both look like theyre in so much pain whore is my favorite word rn stop making everything a fucking bigger thing than it needs to be dawg tell your mom you love her if she aint around tell your dad you love him. parents are important even if they fuck u I LOVE MY FAMILY SO MUCH I JUST WANNA BUY A BIG HOUSE LIKE THE KARDASHIANS AND FORCE US ALL TO LIVE TOGETHER FOREVE can rihanna stop postin these pics of her in her lingerie because my dick has been hard for 3 days straight now and im scared officially do no live in miami anymore! i just wanna say i love my family im prolly gon cry me self to sleep tonigh im SUING WHEN MY DAD DONT GOTTA EVER WAKE UP AT 7AM TO WORK AND GET HOME AT 7PM I WILL BE SATISFIED WHEN THAT MAN CAN JUST C last time this year i was excited and nervous about graduating now im excited but very nervous and almost sad about the 1975 is dropping a new album!? thank GOD i recently repurchased my doc martens some ppl in the theatre were smoking a wax pen fuck bro. am i watching a quiet place. or a LOUD place! haha fuck i love weed my 7 year old brother tried to pull the spell icup joke on us and this boy said spell i c u p... oh wait oh no. the intense pain of change i know where my mental health stands rn cuz ive only been saving crying memes like... my most recent saves. they i rlly neglect my vision i just be walking around no glasses no contacts not giving a fuck but wondering why my head hurt i rlly hope my hard times pay off and i get the good karma i deserve didnt rlly understand this holiday but i gave in and i smoked some crack. not that bad tbh! i feel great. i miss the comfort of the toilet at my crib the poopey slide right out me bootey when im there bitches treat Coachella like fashion week okay so 21 savage in bartier cardi says i like hot sauce on my chicken which is normal. but then he says i pul thlim waitht fat ath give em whip lath today aint my day bro! wtf!! its scary to think how much control one direction had over me because like they still have control over me and im scared rjfnf if i don't get the full satisfaction out of my life what do i even do bout it!?! if im 60 and im on some damn my l did you know the easiest way to get accepted into college is if you mention you love weed in your application? #seniorhacks face? beat. :) if ur 18+ and cant cook bitch throw the whole person away i hope everyone at the youtube office is okay holy shit today's ~mood~ jesus is the real skinny queen he only eats bread and wine thkinny queen what in thee wurld delete this shit before i get fired omg men got so mad about this like omg just ignore him bitch you the type of dude to stab a woman if she reject y I JUST WANNA SAY GOLDEN HOUR BY KACEY MUSGRAVES MADE ME GO YEE FUCKIN HAW PLEASE LISTEN TO IT SHE IS MY SOUTHERN BE am i the only one who always smelled this in class. like almost too much i sniffed so many times! me after fake laughing and being fake amused by an old man who won't stop making flirty jokes while im out alone i need new clothes omg can you believe i gotta live a whole life. JUST TO DIE AT THE END! bitch... here is how i look on my good days in case you forgot LOST WITHOUT U just got my teeth stabbed amd cleaned while the today show played in the background and blake shelton's country ass fav vid in the world rn you ever hold your pee so that when you pee and use all your muscles to squeeze it out, you can use it like a press drew gooden is the funniest fucking youtuber rn you ever get in a rut where you doin a lot but somehow you still convince urself ur not doing enough and that ur us exciting news:) i miss roy so much sometimes i wanna fucking snap his ribs parents be so negative, it comes from a place of caution and them warning us about the mistakes they've made but da today's lesson: make decisions for myself without being scared i really need new music to listen to!! my bones have been brittle send me a apple or spotify playlist and not one f i just need yall to hear the fuckin sound i made just now youtubers in LA if you took away their postmate acc im mean cuz im insecure and don't like to be questioned Kim Kardashian watches hentai THANK YOU TO EVERYONE WHO BOUGHT A CHAPTER 3 SHIRT OR HOODIE IT MEANS THE WORLD TO ME I WAS SO NERVOUS THANK YOU FO happy birthday dad! Chapter 3: Never Had Nothing out now wozozo today today im so nervous i have to shit also heads up, chapter 3 drops at 8pm est, 30 buckaroonis (print on both sides price jump a lil), limited stock, on chapter 3 chapter 3 chapter 3 HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO DREW MY BEST FRIEND IN THE WHOLE FUCKING WORLD WE CLICKED FROM THE DAY WE MET AND UR THE COOLEST i love roy im so proud of him i love him i love him where is he rn i wanna kiss him im gonna tweet this then look for him and kiss him happy birthday meech! you are so genuine and one of the most down to earth people i know i love ya! even if u an old head now my dad taught himself english how to speak it how to write it how to read it waking up to notes on the fridge was the best gift i could have asked for i hope this is a good gift, i dedicate th number 19 and it still don't make sense March 5th how do i feel this ugly when i looked this way yesterday oh my god im so sad just fell off this fucking bench in this cafe that serves horchata flavored lattes to white people and is filled wi Chapter 3, March 5th! life is unfair but there aint shit you can do bout it but find some bliss in it ya knowww im tired of people goin around copying me in the most subtle ways so i can't rlly speak on it cuz i just seem petty the gov gets to sit around ignoring the need for gun control while kids have to sit around praying they make it out my depression be like brain said you gotta take me chapter 3 put yourself in everything you do and wear! i did with #ForeverChuck ( #ad ) test shot are for creatives #ForeverChuck ( #ad ) when i was 8 and showed my parents my plate at dinner, holding my breathe praying they fall for the visual illusion RADIO IS DEAD (EPISODE 2) WITH THE ONE AND ONLY my love for my friends run so deep i got a few i'd give a kidney too i got that kidney givin love up in me what ya lookin like these dayzz the bitches that always want a pandora ring from their bae always end up bein cheated on did kylie jenner's baby make a touch down yet my head has been so foggy i feel very lost if she knew itty bitty piggy in fifth grade she could fight took my 9 year old sister to her first concert and she picked brockhampton wow what a life she livin she had a grea thanks for all the bday wishes here is the best pic of me in the history of my 19 years of life last day of being 18 kinda sad this year of my life was crazy for me i def changed into a different person wow im nostalgic this is the meanest tweet i have ever gotten... i need a few days away from twitter. sorry guys. LMAOO why everybody at buzzfeed LOOK like they work at buzzfeed i don't know how to rlly describe this but i think hi if you are my friend and you DO NOT hate me PLEASE like this tweet because i stalk your likes and if i do not se not to be that bitch but i wanna be 18 forever im so scared of being 20 and up im shaking in my little boots saw that fifty shades trailer in theater and im sorry. my penis got so hard they ripped right through my zumies cargos bein in love is crazy ... crayzze me brain melted i care way too much about how im perceived by my peers and i am so good at hiding it that they all are always like a pic of me by natalie and a pic of natalie by me sometimes . my mental health falls short. but it is ok. i still smile. why is wendy williams just stan twitter on live tv bruno mars got so much swag i have been thinking about this for 3 days straight i know every member of one direction's birthday, a relatively useless talent, but if one day an insane burglar with his apology is him bragging about never making mistakes and not needing views because he gets them without trying thats not a mistake me dropping a glass cup is a mistake you're a grown man fully aware of what it all meant and hey whats up you guys happy new year i have a feeling 2018 will be good just shit and realized this MAY just be my final shit of the year... sad my family blastin mi burrito sabanero in the house this morning . first of all. y'all aint even cleaning. why is snapchat doing this to me i haven't been shitting as much and maybe thats why i been way more sad maybe all the shit was my body way of throw once i get out this funk and push my depression back down into my ass its over for literally no one cuz this funk w :( in 2018 i wanna watch more movies hey random but thanks so much for the support over the past few years this christmas i was able to give my family g These photos were taken exactly a year apart at almost the same time and what I learned is how quick you can go fro 2017 in some pics remember iPod Nanos? there is no joke to this tweet i genuinely am just shitting and wondering if that is a real th Yall NEED to start wiping the seat after your vagne sprinkles the toilet like a high powered fire hydrant idc if My mood rn is my dad being so frustrated over losing his airpods he pouted and took a nap and now hes awake and ma I am dying #NewProfilePic if you 18 plus your social life should be vegan, no beef baby what you doin we got taxes to pay my vine acc will just be update of when and where I'm shitting I will only be posting when I shit this is not a jok Hey can you sponsor me I love putting that cup up my hole please I love you my brain feel like a fuckin game of tetris expect none of the pieces fit together and it's being played on an iphon Still dont understand why beauty gurus have the crustiest lips you own a Sephora worth of makeup in your closet. why is there no ass shaking emoji i need me a woman with her hands on her knees so i can rlly share how i feel rn Watch out bitches its eczema season Im dry as dust I will scratch my flaky skin all over your pasta like parmesan cheese I miss one direction . those are my late night thoughts I cannot believe this year is basically over how was this the fastest and slowest year of my life After seeing YouTube rewind 2017, I have decided to no longer claim myself as a YouTuber my proper career pronoun is unemployed I get into these ruts where I genuinely do not feel pretty Can everyone not look at me for the next few days thank you Life hack if youre tired and dont want to drink Red Bull shove two double A batteries up your ass and youre ready to go! Russ puts his fingers up his ass and sniffs them then rubs his face, his doctors dont understand why he constantly has pink eye Currently shitting out todays meals so I stay a skinny queen? What are you doing with your night? Loser. White people be like Can I get water? Sparkling water. Not regular. Wtf bitch why you need bubbles for My depression when i have finally sustained mental peace Radio is Dead (episode 1) ft. Why this Shane video got me wanting to rekindle my relationship with my mom ... i would stick my whole dick in some nice sleep rn why did drew just tell me he keeps half empty redbulls in his room as air freshener dead serious he poured one out Is she okay? Sundays are the fucking worst i will suck for the iphone x LEAN IS WACK WE ONTO BIGGER N BETTER THANGsS ROUND HERE Why do I have to be a human on animal crossing why wont this game accept me for the furry I am? Its Black Friday should I beat my dick You cant arrest me Im the cake boss I cant wait to shove some stuffing up my ass like Im the turkey When I was a child I broke my hymen trying to use the sofa as a balance beem while watching Incredibles that movie GOOD MOTHAFUCKIN VIBES ONLLAAyY not a day goes by that i don't miss the carrie diaries Not to brag but I deserve nothing but happiness and Im one of the strongest people I know thank you (me) for being so great you make me blush HOLY SHT I LOST MY WALLET AND SEARCHED MY WHOLE CAR I RAN BACK INTO THE STORE AND I WAS NEAR TEARS SO I CALL MY STE Your friends should make you feel as cool as them not make you feel like shit stop hanging with people who think theyre better than you What should I eat for dinner ? (Im vegetarian) i have the problem that i'm either mad productive and on my hustle or im the complete opposite i'm either working h THE WAITRESS JUST ASKED US WHAT WE WANTED TO DRINK AND MY 9 YEAR OLD SISTER SAID PISS AND I THOUGHT SHE WAS TRYIN thank you so much for supporting me and chapter 2 it means more than you know. chapter 2 is over! i love you all. Chapter 2 Scrapbook Bittersweet Goodbyes Chapter 2: Bittersweet Goodbyes white culture is making acoustic versions trap and rap songs asmr What Ive come to realize is whether it is to a friend, my family, or a lover goodbyes have always been the hardes CHAPTER 2 ? CHAPTER 2? CHAPTER 2 ? CHAPTER 2? CHAPTER 2 ? CHAPTER 2? CHAPTER 2 ? CHAPTER 2? CHAPTER 2 ? CHAPTER 2? Me no longer can speak proper thank you me now have to speak like me am caveman to avoid silly mistake of your company made Good morning my love for Harry Styles rlly will never die I want everyone to know Im in target and I was playing with the iPhone X just minding my business playing with Ani Celebrities all prolly have privates where they act mad reckless can someone leak Wendy Williams finsta I wanna see Ladies stop giving head if he doesnt want ur heart too &lt;/3 wow finally happy with chapter 2 and i'm ready for 11/11 hopefully i can show u by tuesday what ur waiting on sorry Do sneezes have a smell? Will succ for bitcoin This how Im feelin right about now Yall gassed tf outta Halloween all month on my TL now yall on some I got not plans Im home and bored shit the song in the background really brings out the meaning of the shirt actually TAY K DISS TRACK Knowing most kids at school who said their family dont celebrate Halloween cuz its the devils birthday is a cultured childhood cannot believe me and are about to top the charts with this track Fellas. Is it gay to suck ur own meat? My Uber just looked at the clock and Fucking giggled and said hehehe its 4:20 #NewProfilePic My Halloween costume? A boner but only guys can see it . when they look down at their undies after seeing me this is our collab channel whoever is trying to hack me rn, ya mama's a ho. i want harry to throw a full water bottle at my skull I WAS JUST FRONTIN U KNOW I WANT YOU BABE Stop trying so hard to be cool and just fucking enjoy your life hahahaha lame ass you look foolish yo FAVORITE SONGS ATM (OCTOBER) Dawg what Yo real talk if you drinkin ANYTHING but coffee or tea out a mug I know you aint got yo shit together if u sippin that weird calm where it isn't a happy or sad calm it is just a neutral weird state of calm and you feel weightless I dont smoke cigarettes I chew them it gets me Fucking domed faster Im high off my fuckin boot bruther you ever fuck urself over like god damn you stupid bitch you stupid bitch my titty ain't gon suck itself get to it! don't trust a girl who gets offended and can't jokingly call themself a thot they're the worst dear mythbusters if i remove a rib can i really succ myself should i have a baby im bored JUST SAW GORILLAZ LIVE MY CHILDHOOD DREAMS HAVE FINALLY COME TRUE MY ASS HURTS FROM SHAKING IT SO HARD EMO OCTOBER MAKEUP I thought I should update yall that Im vegetarian now but its not cuz I want to save animals or sumthin Im just who tryna give sloppy toppy to my heart it is now fall and i am still shaking my ass to CTRL what an album If homeboy comes thru as homeboy then homeboy is gonna like homeboy Not to brag but 2017 fucked me so good Im like god damn you dirty bitch White republicans dont believe in same sex marriage but would probably fuck two slices of avocado toast wrapped around their wiener MOVED TO TEXAS AND MARRIED MY COUSIN Twitter hasn't even given fat cheeto puff baby trump the ability to tweet with 280 characters because we all know t My 9 year old sister YOU EVER THINK OF GOOD MEMORIES AND YOU GIVE A SHOUT TO GOD LIKE HE THE DJ OF YA LIFE!? AYO RUN THAT SHIT BACK LETS GET THAT ON REPEAT OOF I am deleting this tweet soon this is a rare tweet please rt it before it is gone forever this is an exclusive tweet I actually have nothing to say my heart and brain are empty You don't need to know everything Chapter 2 this is a reminder i can tweet with more characters than most my importance shines above all i may have an unfillab i know it is like 3 am for some of yall but can u wake tf up and retweet my jokes dear heavenly father, protect me as i drop the fattest shit of all time please no splash backs on my bum bum holy shit i just realized how much i can tweet i have no character limit i am a fucking god i will fill ur timeline 600k on youtube thank you from now on if you recognize me in public n want a picture it will cost you 20 dollars, t Yo this is crazy actually Real feminism is having the same pubes you've had since you were 12 Just watched Harry Styles chuck a full water bottle into the crowd whoever got hit enjoy the concussion wish it was me Anyone wanna makeout I'm bored Kevin smells like beefaroni where in austin texas could i get a tooth gem hit my line Kisses to my bitches! Sometimes my titties look so nice I just might fucc around n succ me myself ! What if I add my face to the iPhone x while I got makeup on how it's gon recognize my ugly lil boy face when im in my dark room at night I fled Florida to avoid Irma only to come home to no power OR cell service this bitch rlly rocked my shit! FUCK! We livin like Amish folk! Y'all thot I was done stanning brockhampton?? I see them boys in like a week I hope I also break my leg in the pit! I set myself up for this How the FUCK is ice jj fish verified and I am not oh wow i am leaving this site again i got a big fucking forehead that's why i got lost there is way too much space to cover dawg ain't dead just been lost in my head you got killed by time okay so i rlly started thinkin. we rlly do either kill ourselves or get killed. i ain't mean to take a vine so serious but damn wtf Hello fello Floridians I know times are tough and scary. If you need water HML I got dimes of filtered water for yo guys im gonna vlog the hurricane so if i lose my house i don't lose my clout i asked my dad how we preparing for this storm and mans deadass went we got thick windows we gonna be okay dawg you got a thick SKULL wtf You became the president to do nothing but terrorize families and rip people from their homes and lives they've built here fuck you PAINTING WITH ENYA sorry brain machine broke Random but holy shit what is this how is comedy my job I'm only 18 and this is crazy man thanks for watching me all the time fuck what Im feelin crazy tonight I might just pop a fucking birth control pill Hello world a homeless man just said give me that pussy I am now living my life to its full potential Meeting people and knowing they're gonna be a great positive part of your life?? My fucking kink My life truly changed for the better once I started minding my own business that enjajaja bitch so annoyin her jokes so corny her face so average her story so boring beep boo bop time for english homework im a loser! Oh so my name means nut. word okay makes sense walk with pep in yo step so ur tiddies jiggle a lil more than usual I DID MY MAKEUP OUTTA BOREDOM I just sneezed on my damn titty I didn't watch the fight cuz I got my own demons to battle My sister just asked for help on school work. bitch I do YouTube cuz I can't count It might not look like it but a bitch goin thru a lot rn MY HEART IS EXPLODING !! WHY DO I FEEL SUDDEN RUSHES OF PASSION AT THE WEIRDEST TIMES o I WANNA KISS BUT ALSO PUNCH SOMEONE! SUMMER IS OVER IM AN ADULT ITS TIME TO START EVERYTHING AND FUCKING MAKE A NAME FOR MYSELF FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK AhH FUCK HA oO BITCH oO BITCH STFU IM BLOWIN THE SPEAKERS OUT BITCH YOU ALREADY KNOW WTF IS GOIN ON BITCH saturation 2 tonight woo who wanna come over n have a listening party in my room i got a disco light i'll buy snacks! you ever see a homie lookin so scrumdiddlyumptious you wanna succ em up like a slurpie or is that just me Ayo I'm just gon say it. Bacon is fuckin gross man. In case ur having a hard time in life rn, here's motivation WE THOT IT WAS SATURATION SEASON BITCH ITS THE YEAR OF SATURATION You ever livin a moment n KNOW it's gonna be so hard to think about cuz it's so nice n you're gonna miss it. Most bittersweet thing ever. why are boneless wings called boneless wings them just fucking chicken nuggets Made lunch My ass is not shaking today I fucking stan brockhampton don't @ me bitch. She on her lunch break Y'all is it gay to be gay? Be honest also please learn that everyone's beef is not your fucking beef order ur own damn meal stop picking at people's plates you hungry bitch Time passes too fast! Slow down buddy no ones chasin ya! Man I wish I had cool colored eyes I love drew with all my heart how did I find a best friend so like myself I'm hissing MAKE HIM CRY! Y'all please please please help him he has no bed he sleeps on the floor it's so sad help please his speaker is a p WAXING MY BODY HAIR WKENDKD Omg rclbeauty literally pushed me into the street at urth cafe when I asked for a picture wtf I have a broken leg now I pay for his nails and he pays for my haircuts.. Y'all rlly need to ketchup. A relationship is 100/100 not 50/60, Okay uh. is she good? If you fuckin with someone who still asking what app you use to listen to music? Like to save to ur phone something is going wrong in life I'm not sure what my significance is for this existence but what is 18 years to 70 years there's still so much to do WHO TF IS TRYIN TO KISS ME!! Vegans be so ready to say o save the animals! Then let that mosquito succ u! Don't smack him let him succ! !! Go listen to all these today Fuck my abuela prayed for me bitch you can't kill me!! Okay what Bruno Mars has always been out here just consistently makings hits at least 5 songs on each album got dumb radio play Idk maybe I'm just stupid man If you can't pick a tortilla up straight off the hot stove you ain't shit WHEN IM HAPPY I NEED JUST HOLD ONTO THAT SHIT AND NOT LET GO I BEEN DOIN GOOD AT THAT BUT I ALSO GOTTA STOP LETTIN MY DOWNS WEIGH SO HEAVY Wow I'm so fashionable so I decided to teach y'all how to dress cool! Hey my dad saw this n got scared someone might do meth cuz of this tweet, so I just wanna say if u do meth it's not Hey you nerds who always ask about my glasses I got news for ya. I got em all from here's me two time Me seeing myself in the mirror all red n puffy faced after crying alone on the edge of my bed at 3am because I do n WHATEVER FEELS GOOD I think there's a big difference between kids on these apps who have a passion for something and use this as a stepping stool to get to the This how i look lurkin cuz in the back of my head i be feelin like the person can see me thru the front cam on my p If you got a tattoo of a rose this past year I'm sorry twitter did that to y'all I rlly am Life hack: fill your tub with cold water get in and pee, now the water is warm and yellow! Fart a lil for bubbles now it's a bath bomb! Ayo when I die that's rlly it?? That's crrazzyy. no round two?? That's CRazy OKAY FUCK THERE IS NO TIME FOR ANYTHING THE YEAR IS ALMOST ALREADY OVER AND JULY IS ALREADY LESS THAN A YEAR AWAY E I'm so bored I might just do meth This one go out to all my android user IF YOU READ THIS YOU A REAL LIFE NERD DAWG YOU RLLY OUT HERE KNOWIN HOW TO READ? I TYPED THIS WITH THAT VOICE THING IPHONES GOT LMAOO everytime u come around i feel like glitter If it don't make me feel like this I don't want it! Me after watching #GUMMY I CANT GRASP HOW HARD THIS SNAPPED I EXPECTED A LOT BUT THIS IS BEYOND ME WOW THIS PAST YEAR HAS BEEN SO AMAZING THAT IM ALWAYS SCARED SOMETHING BAD IS ABOUT TO HAPPEN TO ME HAHAHAHA you meet some people in life who make u wonder and question so much in the best way CAN SATURATION 2 DROP ALREADY IM ITCHING LIKE A HEROIN ADDICT GIMME ANOTHER GOOD ASS ALBUM IM GREEDY Yo if you don't brush yo teeth in the shower you a nerd Don't wish death on someone, karma will get you instead uh okay so I win either way bitch Y'all wanna fall in love with everyone but urself you nerd DONT NOBODY FUCK WITH ME LIKE I FUCK WITH ME EVEN ON MY LOWEST DAYS I GOT MORE FAITH IN ME THAN ANYBODY IN THE WORLD FAVORITE SONGS ATM (JULY)! Yo y'all know how to budget emotions?? They don't teach that shit no where I use all my giddiness in the span of 10 min then back to sad man My constant mood is jokingly crumbling my body into a corner when with friends makin em laugh but actually trying to show them how I feel I AINT MEAN TO CUT YOU OFF I JUST GOT A LOT TO SAY SORRY I TALK A LOT AND IM A LIL TOO LOUD! YALL IM REALLY NEVER GOING SCHOOL EVER AGAIN HAHAHAHAHAHA THAT SHIT SO FUNNY HOLY FUCKS SKDND IM RLLY JUST NEVER ATTENDING SCHOOL EVER AGAIN North Korea bout to kill us on the most important day of the week I just looked at myself in the mirror and said it's what she deserves and I don't know what the fuck she deserves but I guess she do Just slipped in my own kitchen who tf dropped water n ain't wipe it up? I'm suin! u think I care about fam? 100 bands is thicker than blood! And y'all expect me to claim that as my president?? Boi! you got me fucked up I wanna pistol whip him so bad I ain't even gon say the name I always have at least one vine stuck in my head for a full week like it gets 1M loops just in my head Products used: None. Some of us don't need all that makeup to feel beautiful. Also stop facetuning yourself. Before and after some makeup! Subtle touches of foundation go a long way ladies! Don't cake it on! Learn from me! :) Yo it's hot as hell out my nipple just slipped off my left tiddy man VINERS ARE THE WORST Boy I. Might Just Fuck Around And Fall In Love With Someone To This Album Tyler Made Flower Boy For Me To Fall In Love I Feel It THATS IT THIS CHAPTER IS DONE HOLY SHIT THANK YOU SO MUCH THIS IS INSANE THANKS FOR FUCKING WITH MY IDEAS ILY FUCK THIS IS SO WEIRD I'm not real good at sayin what I wanna say and makin it come out the right way I really gotta work on that shit The best times of the day are 6-9 both am and pm IDK IF I WANNA LAY DOWN AND BE IN PEACE OR SHAKE MY DAMN ASS Her baby gon cry like dis Go oGGaGa oWooHaA I tweet a bunch and delete it cuz I be insecure about my own thoughts so seeing it in words in the open is ugly Day 49 of summer. still ain't had my titties succed. don't know how much longer I can go. WHY YALL GOT FUCKING BABY FEVER OR WHATEVER THE FUCK YALL ARE SO WEIRD YALL DUMB GET A FUCKING GOLD FISH My existence online is just the movie split. On IG I'm beautiful/desirable Twitter I'm gross belligerent angry Tumblr im emo n fake deep. He ain't got no medical degree but the way he be rearranging my guts got my thinkin he a surgeon Bachata music from like 2004-2010 gives me war flashbacks to my cousins pulling the plug on the bounce house and trying to murder us If you have to water urself down it's not worth it July 22 Thanks for 500k on YouTube!! Just remember I stay humble! No matter what number of followers I have I'll forever be empty So I tried on these pants I've had for a while earlier and knew they didn't fit but still. I had to flex I looked g Go get tickets for Austin let's all get rowdy n rumble Y'all trippin if u don't think x snapped on his cypher Oh my god djdnd THE SECOND PIC YOU GOT A FETISH FOR MY LOVEI PUSH YOU OUT N YOU COME RIGHT BACKDONT SEE A POINT IN BLAMIN YOUIF I WERE YOU ID DO METOO Why did joe fucking Jonas just steal a tweet I'm sorry y'all, I'm just not the same woman I was before I had my soul succed out my body via my tiddy When I have a good day but my depression will forever linger over me and it's an inescapable void that attacks me Fuck I did not expect that at all thank you so much for supporting me and joining me on such a personal endeavor it means more than u know. Chapter 1: Disappointing Grad 6PM EST. 9th grade our teacher has us write a letter to ourselves for the end of the year mine was like a suicide note i didn't expect to be alive LIGHT EASY SUMMER MAKEUP WOAh THAT IS CRAZY COOL! JOURNALS WAS JUSTIN BIEBER's BEST WORK BUT BECAUSE HE WAS ACTIN A FOOL AT THE TIME IT GOT NO RECOGNITION Y'all be out here cravin love like it's some hobby cuz y'all be bored as shit at the crib learn to paint or sumthin man Get up grab a homie and go watch baby driver right fucking now you loser I will kiss anyone rn for fun Im scared of disappointing my family but I need to make myself happy and focus on my future or I'll forever lie a Maybe the upcoming generations are dumber cuz they didn't get shit like schoolhouse rock that entertaining ass shakin education We smokin dicks tonite ladies So you tellin me some of y'all can just. open up? not feel weak n like you setting urself up for blackmail n pity I'm bout to be on full YEe yee yeehaw mode Hey uh just wanna publicly say NJ will be my last pressplay! It was fun but all things must come to an end! Like my parent's marriage! No more smoking weed. No more drinking. Ladies we are big girls. Meth only. Ur mcm orders coleslaw as a side and eats that shit by choice lol he weird Rt for a tutorial on this look How yo head that big but you still that dum Tyler just dropped the smoothest track of 2k17 for no good reason I'm tweakin FUCK GLOBAL WARMING MY NECK IS SO FRIO Favorite Songs ATM ! (JUNE) Any of you bum ass thots wanna see me while I'm in LA?? LIKE MY STATUS FOR YES I say boner sauce now no more nut Feeling overly romantic rn I could go for some rlly corny activities and kisses cuz I'm on full blown cornball mode Me: fuck bras!! Let ur tiddies be free!! Also me: my fuckin tiddy just slapped me in the chin goin over that bump they needa be tamed The fucking side eye... she knows she's a natural queen It is the Day of the lord avoid all sin but if you are tempted, watch hentai it isn't a sin if the bible didn't mention it My titties been bouncin all day this is what summer 17 is about baby Some girls they just care about materialistic things like a pandora ring but me?? I just care about pipe, no money just nut. Just landed in LA where's my laser hair and fit tea brand deal Yes because what more do I want than to watch worst movies in the Fucking world straight for like what 24 hours stfu *Orange Is The New Black Spoiler* Rt if u also are not involving yourself in disgusting acts this summer and keeping your faith with god in tact MAN IF MEMORIES OF HIM AINT ATTACHED TO SONGS YALL HAVE HEARD TOGETHER DO YOU EVEN RLLY LIKE THAT MAN Hope u shit today, keep that metabolism up y'all Here some low quality pictures of me balancing a watermelon on my head. Never say I don't have talent ever again. Shoutout to the dads put into the not so ordinary position of being both a mother and father They're attacking her! She's only 14 she should NOT be sexualized like this. Need me a sexy ass plate of strawberries rn . just a thot continue ur day RUNNING ERRANDS WITH ENYA Wo Damn. my dad would slap me upside the head on some you think you gonna forget my name? Solo cosas estupida hac Since succin tiddies is cool now can we stop using dicc succin to slut shame? Equality of the succ please This sza album got me wanting to fall in love but also stay away from men for the rest of my life wish i could make music but at least i can make jokes i'll take what i can get Choose your fighter COLLEGE This is what the inside of the freezer looks like when you press crushed ice In honor of hitting 200k I'm doing a give away of one free neck rt must be following will announce winner soon You think jimmy neutron give that good brain? Be honest. Can y'all Cracker Barrel jack lookin bitches stop callin urself mami . shit is weird lmao RIP X he used to be 4ft but now he 6ft under. BORED!! SOMEONE GIVE ME ATTENTION! THOTTING SEASON IS UPON US LADIES Rise Up Fuckers Just Cuz It's Summer Don't Mean The Grind Stops Y'all are so open minded but won't just accept the babadook into your hearts. Y'all out here gettin nipple piercings? Boring! I got my nipples removed ! I'm edgy as hell After a long day I just need my titty succed is that too much to ask?? Graduated today Starting summer right by fuckin up my sleeping schedule for no reason other than to shit post hell yea fuck my health Saturation is bout to be the soundtrack to summer 17 Fuck what ya heard the word swag is #back Is your wcw not your wcw on a Monday or your dumbass only be likin someone on a Wednesday if y'all don't stfu for I Your wcw has bad skin and is scared of emotions so only shares via jokes but she tryin her best so be nice , I'm ya wcw this was about me I LIKE YOU SO MUCH I HOPE THINGS ARE ALWAYS THIS NICE AND EXCITING I WANNA MAKEOUT WITH YOU FOREVER ITS MY FAVORI If he wear birkenstocks his Dick prolly smell like boiled hot dog water Forgive me god for I done figgity fucked up San Francisco 6/3 and Cleveland 6/17 Im coming to you! Tix at use promo weekend for 20% off most passes!! Just read my horoscope and it said pipe is in my path. hoping the stars align HAPPY BIRTHDAY UR 18 NOW WE IN THE BIG GIRL CLUB NOW NO KIDDIE SHIT HAVE A GR8 DAY MISS U LOTS Last Day Of High School Ever. Press my buttons baby I be like damn why I'm sad for no reason?? Then remember I got depression n shit smh. Bummer. Wish I had brought my ski mask to prom HeYo we out here respecting women Ah yes nothing better than wasting away on the day of the lord in my #DepressiveSulk Okay. I ain't even a kpop stan but please stay away from them. Leave BTS to prosper. Going to broadway, hope y'all support me. LMS = Let Me Succ No I had heels on that was like two hours into shakin my ass and I could feel my calfs quivering I had to change Didn't get any classic flex prom pics but I got in the heat of the fun sweaty moment silly quirky pics and that's PROM MAKEUP 2017 I say like way too much HEY I LOVE MY FRIENDS SORRY IF I DONT OPEN UP WHEN YOU ASK IF IM OK IT JUST TAKES ME A LIL MORE TIME Y'all ever get so sleepy you feel delusional but it's so fun to just lay there and feel like you dyin?? Or that just me I'm at a loss for words Why tf you callin me a thot like I ain't always been a thot FAV SONGS ATM (MAY EDITION?) Migos The Beatles Succin Titty Season Get Ya Girl N Succ Her Tiddy Ayo. don't shoot your shot in my DMs y'all look like you applyin for a fuckin job you not near qualified for Happy Mother's Day to my dad he ain't birth me but he did the job of a mother and father at once n that's all that matters Ayo fuck my depression ! Don't tell her I said that tho I'm terrified of her Drew's new video was so funny I love having funny friends I'll fuck up your bed sheets but never your feelings get ya finger out ya damn mouth ma Shit coulda turned out a lot different imma name my kid ak and when they turns 47 it'll be the best year of their life Get you a girl who's uh. nothing like me lol I'm the fuckin worst SO MUCH NEW GOOD MUSIC BITCH!! HOLY SHIT!! Don't forget to sauce ya thots today folks I'm bout to bust the fattest fucking nut tonight and it ain't gon be over pipe it's over harry styles album I enjoy long walks on the beach and holding in my emotions because I'm scared of becoming too invested You ever want a friend to clap ya cheeks instead of clappin u up? Just a thot. Stop asking me to prom I don't know you what makes you think I would want to pretend to like you for a full night over 10k rts not dollars Fuck... I miss one direction My ass flat Non English speaking person: American: wHatDo YoU N33D WuT Do YooUU WaNT SpEAk enGLish What in the fuck is my life Anyone tryin to kiss me? As a friend tho I just need a lil affection u feel I'm the girl your boyfriend said not to worry about Tickle my fart hole I genuinely didn't even mean to but I lost my breath it was a religious experience To the girls at the balcony who saw me eating my m&ms and pretending to jump. waddup bitches If I don't get tickets. I don't even know. I'm so sad at the thought THOTOBOTS ROLL OUT I love knowing I can go from dressing like a little boy to a full thotobot Your wcw eats leftover frijoles refritos con pan tostado cuz she too lazy to make a real breakfast I spread my love heavily and specifically in sets of 22 Shoutout to single parents going through their own emotional trauma and still raising their kids to the best of their abilities I'll be at this weekend uh if you stop me in the lobby while I look busted as shit I have the legal right to swing on you Just walk into forever 21 then Just need someone special to apply cream to my eczema received my acceptance and am very excited to announce that I have picked my college! So excited to be a apart of c QUESTION AND ANSWER ! You had questions I kinda had answers Hope Obama laughed enough to fill his soul with happiness today Happy birthday here is my public display of our friendship and love for you I miss you loads! Avatar the last airbender Just watched one anime I think I might be a weaboo Any y'all got some attention to bathe me in Been gettin real personal n shit on y'all timeline lately not gonna say sorry tho I'm facing my opening up problem and it's working haha Not gonna say it's easy but yo it's worth it I'm finally feeling the satisfaction life has to offer and it's really so worth it Spent New Years 2014 crying in my room alone because I didn't wanna be alive n didn't know why I was gonna keep going rlly glad I kept goin YO HAHAHA I COULD BE DEAD HOLY SHIT I HAD NO ONE AND WAS ONLY 14 AND WANTED TO END MY LIFE THAT SHIT IS CRAZY SHOUTOUT ONE TIME TO ME ILY OKAY HOLY SHIT SHOUTOUT TO THE PAST ME WHOSE WORLD WAS COLLAPSING ONTO HER SHOULDERS AND SHE KEPT FUCKING GOING HOLY SHIT HAHAHA WTF I deserve the best fuckyou WHY IM WILDIN OUT IN THE CLUB RN IM SO FUCKING GEEKED I LOVE HARRY STYLES Tell me why ya day was good n love me after hourss I miss and MY BAES WE NEED TO MOVE TO LA!! And get out there Conan Gray is a gr8 artist and YouTuber look him up I be on some fuck shit but y'all be on some dumb shit The tweet starts with @ me it's at me . it's towards me baby @ me You rlly gotta chill lmao you on some fuck shit for real damn CHEF ENYA MAKES PIZZA Ayo shoutout to all the kids goin through shitty situations whether family or internal don't worry you'll be more equipped 4 life than any1 New Video Today You Are Welcome You Weird Fucks Naw actually it's about brian All my favorite songs remind me of you can't tell if it makes them better or harder to listen to Good morning Zane's 100th video made me so fucking happy I love friends who love each other so genuinely I'm fueled with happiness rn Wrote a pretty personal piece about the love I have for my friends and people I've met who changed me enjoy HARD TIMES GONNA MAKE YOU WONDER WHY YOU EVEN TRY Ayo god. mind if I wake up 2 inches taller that's all I rlly need Kiss me on my open mouth LAST DAY IN LA VLOG Be careful I've been looking so good lately I might ruin someone damn life Imagine saying bae seriously... just a thought . just a scary scary thought If I Believe You holds the memory of me rushing through JFK airport to a connecting flight while crying because my life felt overwhelming The 1975 is forever the greatest band in the world I just have to say that here rn in this moment I'm watching drew eat ham for dinner. Like just straight wet cold ham. No bread. No nothing. Beauty and the Hypebeast NOT TO BE DRAMATIC BUT MY HEART IS GONNA FUCKIN EXPLODE I'm trying to enjoy things instead of worrying they won't last We Rise And Grind. Ain't Even In Traffic Or A Car. Jokes On You Idiots. Ugh! Don't Come To La The Traffic Is Killer So Frickin Bad. Y'all eva feel like. dis I'll beat yo ass Y'all ever feel too good n get worried about how bad you'll be feelin soon cuz the universe gon try 2 balance out the good n bad in ur life The baes r back in town My uber just asked me where his hug was at, got out the car, hugged me and then gave me 1 star when the ride was over wtf Finish da Heart Bae just ur goals I FEEL GR8 If I die by getting hit by a car can someone make sure my tombstone says life hits you fast, well (insert car that hit me) hit me fast. God I love Bruno Mars WHO TF TRYIN TO PUT ON SOME FACE MASKS N WATCH A MOVIE N CRY WITH YA GIRL Thanks for 400k on YouTube uh my brain is still melting I still live in the hood and my momma still don't love me but at least I got 400k I HAVE NO PATIENCE This shit feels like teenage fever Not just a music video. A movie. Hey who's tryin to Drown me In affection I wanna die hahaha April fools hahahaha YES! Nothing better than sneezing on my own fucking titties love my own spit on myself oh hell ye that's hot EASY AFFORDABLE MAKEUP LOOK Hey I miss vine circa 2014 It's lurking hours y'all. don't get ya feelings hurt WHISPER CHALLENGE w/ SHOW ME YA TITTIES THATS AS CLOSE TO YOUR HEART IM TRYIN TO GET I don't wanna risk being annoying so I stay distant queen of interacting Me, a woke intellectual laughing at something problematic that I, an intellectual, should not have laughed at tater thot reporting for duty I won't be at PP TORONTO OR MONTREAL I got a prom to go to y'all sorry Y\all gon come at my neck on some youtubers aint shit . Then explain this. Why I stay cryin the clu Emma will always the coolest girl in the world I GO THROUGH THESE WEIRD MOMENTS OF BLISSFUL HAPPINESS N MY HEART IS SO FULL OF LOVE AND I JUST WANNA SAY IT BECAUSE RN IS THAT WEIRD MOMENT Hey drew just woke up and immediately opened a gross ass room temp Fanta soda to drink as his first meal of the day and it spilled on him EX FUCKIN CUSE ME Finstas are just big picture book styled diaries that you show to the friends you trust n like enough THE SKY FALLIN BBY DROP THAT ASS FO IT CRASH You don't even know my middle name let alone know me so pipe tf down In every other picture in the world you are ugly I NEED A FUCKIN KISS I wanna post this week to make up for my slack I'm actually so hyped for Dallas is y'all don't give me the best weekend of my life I will cry When ur stalking his socials and in the midst of lurking you get a text and stay still as if his ass is gonna see y I hate u just as much as I luv u When Im trying to open up to my friends and they say crying won't kill you Can beauty gurus stop treating me like I'm Fucking 6 I don't need your overly enthusiastic gestures just put on the damn concealer dumbass This is a message to cute boys. Get away from me bitch. Ur mcm be sendin pics like dis I don't even have a joke for this picture I just need it on my twitter Nothin is worse than finding a stolen tweet off a relatable account funny forgive me for I have sinned In some odd way. We are all, the student athlete. I am an athlete, so are you. An athlete of life. Thank you drake Ugly boys are the prettiest Your mcm thinks wireless beats headphones are a fashion statement Hey. hate to be that guy but. illegally downloading music is a crime... gonna have to report you: ITS RLLY YOu ON MY MIND!! HOWDY PARTNERS ILL BE IN DALLAS TEXAS MARCH 25TH! GET TICKETS N COME WEARING THIS SHIRT ON A SHIRT TO MAKE MY DAY Yea I'm Pretty But I'm Loco I DO WHAT PLEASES ME!! Rt if .. you'd smash Hold onto ur panties my bruhs new merch coming soon YO! I be mad lurkin idc if I get caught what you gon do arrest me? I'm sweet like poison MY BANGS DUMB FADED The 1975 self titled album reminds me of bein lost in love That is a fat ass blunt First ghost in a shell now this. this is the future liberal weaboos want It's Saturday and I'm not only slept early last night but am up very early today what am I some fucking nerd?? This is gross. REPLYING TO HATE COMMENTS Sorry my tweets been weird lately or I haven't been as funny its hard to do a lot of funny things when my brain is melting from depression YO MY PUSSY JUST DEADASS FELL DOWN MY PANT LEG IM SO TIRED OF THAT HAPPENING UGH rt if I feel dat sum times My heart is in a confused spot IT IS VERY EARLY AND I LOVE MY FRIENDS MICHAEL DREW AND CHRISTIAN SO FUCKIN MUCH I COULD CRY THIS IS WEIRD I MISS THEM Never know when you're gonna die stop living like you have forever Rip To Da Loyal Girl I Used 2 Be Turbo Thot Mode Activated PUT YA HANDS UP IF YOU EVER BEEN IN LOVE I KNOW I HATE IT Happy birth giving day Gimme 5 dollars n I'll rob ya house LORDE DROPPING MUSIC IM POPPIN OFF LIKE ITS 2013 GET READY WITH ME WHILE I TALK ABOUT STUFF My life has been one fat bruh Yes take away free and reduced lunch because why not let the kids who depend on those meals fucking starve smh those brats! Good riddance! SLIDE IS THE PERFECT MIX OF BLONDE AND CULTURE MY WORLDS HAVE COLLIDED IN THE BEST WAY This is a shoutout to all the french classes I failed and teachers who said I wouldn't graduate. Oui oui baguette u I LOVE MY FRIENDS! What is this forever 21 ass sweater duo My favorite natural lip plumper is crying DAY WITH BAE! I couldn't not jump on this #ILoveBeingLatina Here is me hugging drew. He thought I was being affectionate but rlly I just wanted a pic of this boy fucked up lin Who got bobby pins *when you and your siblings start talking about childhood memories and you realize how fucked up and traumatizing y ? WHY DO I FEEL LIKE IVE ALREADY WASTED MY YEAR AND ITS ONLY FEBRUARY I'm tired of hearing babies cry in public. #LeaveYourBabiesHome2k17 I'm in love with me FAVORITE SONGS ATM I am in love with Bruno mars I will marry him rn Nothing screams I will benefit you emotionally and mentally like a catcall across the parking lot I'm gonna tattoo bruh on my shoulder I'm my own bruh to lean on when I'm sad DYING MY HAIR PINK I'm back on my bullshit My heart is empty IF I BELIEVE YOU IS BY FAR THE MOST BEAUTIFUL SONG IVE EVER HEARD IT EVOKES So MANY EMOTIONS AND IS JUST SO PERFECTLY PRODUCED OMG!! The itsy bitsy spider. I can't believe it's 2009 I think me and you should get together sometimes on the low low low Ah! can't wait to see da bae I love twenty one pylots I AINT NO BACKUP BITCH Me: I wanna less judgmental N kind I want to be fragile Me: you have to be a new breed of stupid how natural selection ain't end you yet. All 53 of me is full of rage Why does the president of the United States literally have a side account for shit posting . Jus be my looveer RECREATING MY BEST VINES I'm not depressed if I pretend I'm happy Shoutout to all my shawties with acne and acne scars 24K Magic is the best album ever My lil mama :~( I literally can't name a better girl friend than Tina I'm going to scream I don't think my heart can take all the shit happening recently Yo my caught me dreamin go check it out enjajaja #framymomemts #loveframy Drew just got new glasses and he's feeling insecure please boost my bae Idk who Brandon is but fuck him he kept denying this woke meme. The truth about face mask. Not really relaxing . Makes me feel like Dwight In love on the internet You ever wake up and sigh in relief at the thought of the weekend and then realize dis finna be yo life foreva da only escape is death Me: I hope Donald trump dies Me: looks at pence Me: I hope I die Thank you for the birthday wishes ! Enjoy this video of me getting myself munchkins as a present to me I just wanna feel real I HAVE GOOSEBUMPS OVER THIS MARCH I WISH I COULD BE THERE BREATHING IN THE AIR OF A FUCKING HISTORICAL BEAUTIFUL MOMENT!! The power of the people THIS IS INSANE IM CHEESIN SO HARD I LOVE THIS SO MUCH QMWMSS SO MANY PEOPLE HOLY SHIT! Most merch is like 40 but y\all wanna attack me for 25 but y\all quick to buy an ugly ass I hate mondays shirt @ forever 21 for 30 bucks #InaugurationDay In middle school I WAS the personification of catch me outside howboudat DO COOL THINGS WITH UR FRIENDS HAVE A GOOD TIME YO PHILLY IM GONNA BE IN YOU JANUARY 28 !! COME HANG WITH ME GET TICKETS ALSO MY NEW MERC Why is there an emoji with nut overflowing out the mouth Rip vine this is my thank you great friends and great opportunities The end of an era White people vacationing in Cancun be like Just ate poyo, tostitos ( I think haha!), e a rose kon carney! think I belong here Rt if you are still unsure of what true happiness and bliss feels like for more than 1 hour so you're sticking around hoping for it I can't watch a movie and not cry . I be so invested... Hey I know it's late but I hope y'all shitted today, constipation sucks Harry Styles. bust a fat nut in my hair lemme use it to gel down my baby hairs and do a slick ponytail I'm ready LEARNING 10 WAYS TO MAKE SOMEONE LIKE ME How girls do a full shadow look for school?? This is a serious question maybe if I looked productive and put together I'd enjoy school. Happy birthday this song was made for you and since u 18, now you finna clap yo ass cheeks to this shit Sayonara Obama-Chan you foreva my president drippin in finesse Yo I'm gonna be happy this year and that's a FACT Come see me&Tina @ pressplay January 28 I'm gon be 18 by then so I can legally punch you! that's the law! It's tru! I DONT KNOW WHY IM CRYIN IN THE CLUB RN WE DEM BOYZ FOREVA! How else I'm posed to make money... y'all think you deserve free happiness The Ft. Lauderdale situation is really terrifying . extremely it's somewhere I'm at so often it's so saddening everyone is in my prayers WHY BEAUTY GURUS GOT THE DRYEST CRUSTIEST DUSTIEST LIPS OF ALL TIME . BITCH HOW YOU OWN A 80 DOLLAR FOUNDATION AND NO CHAPSTICK The positive self image I'm setting for myself this year I wake up so oily I need to wake up to my husband blotting my face in the morning . that's the goal Wow thanks for 300k on YouTube I still don't have a mom and half of you aren't even subscribed to me because you're fucking fake now I'm mad MAKEUP LOOK FOR MAKING 2016 DISAPPEAR AND WELCOMING 2017 WITH OPEN ARMS LA I WILL BE IN YOU IN 2017 JAN 7 HAHA BRUH THATS CLOSE GET YA TICKETS TO SEE ME N TINA Can't wait to prosper in 2017. my soul is shaking she's not ready. I just find it inter esting that I fucking sleep all break but am getting more tired tf!! Bitch what do my body want from me!? Man the internet makes anything a business these ig slime accounts out here competing in the slime economy RT THE LINK FOR MY YOUTUBE VIDEO BECAUSE IM INSECURE ABOUT MY CONTENT AND AM TERRIFIED OF A LACK OF VIEWS OPPOSITE HAND MAKEUP CHALLENGE Can 2016 fucking stop it's really trying to take everyone it can Mary Kris Must I nominate that one stupid google ad showing how google works as if we didn't know with obnoxious screaming the worst commercial of 2016 Need sum nut in my life for a white Christmas I know it's soon to disclose but my New Years resolution is to get more attention First present: artistically wrapping and taping using a mental ruler making use of geometry Second to last:tapingwhatever my back hurts help 911 ITS ME WHY TF AM I IN SCHOOL ALL WEEK WHEN SUNDAY IS GADAMN CHRISTMAS IT DONT EVEN FEEL LIKE THE HOLIDAYS IT FE Y'all ever bust a nut? N den realize. like you gotta finna sometimes Me: buzzfeed is so fucking redundant and annoying they post the most bum ass shit Also me: watches stupid buzzfeed videos I miss one direction ;~( If he don't succ the fart out your ass he not a real one Sorry if I've been distant lately. it's because. I've been distant lately IM SO FUCKING BAD AT 8 BALL IS MAKES NO SENSE IM SO MAD I WILL SMASH MY PHONE AGAINST MY FACE RN White people be like balding from birth how you a baby with no baby hairs How many licks does it take to bust a nut It kinda sucks being a girl how come we don't get to shit? I'm so tired of holding in my poop. gender roles are so fucked up 4 your eyez only I HENTAI This is a message to all the shawties of Orlando come see us at ON Saturday! Tickets @ lets CRUNCHY SLIME RUINED MY LIFE HOW I ALREADY MISS TINA IF I SAW HER THIS MORNING It physically hurts to have chapped ass lips how tf some people do it like it's apart of their job they work a 9-5 of crusty lip shift uh if you live in philly come n see me for once haha bae ya beautiful n get 20% off passes w/ my code CHEESESTEAK I squat like 3 times a day. times 17 years. WHY my ass still flat!? So much new music my mind is caving in on itself WHY I ALWAYS LOOK LIKE A SHINY EGG This is me trying to keep my calm and faith in god when someone is indirectly symbolically metaphorically begging m Me an intellectual: teehee Cowboy: teehaw Me looking at my bank account seconds before impulse spending and 2 seconds after I watched a blackpink video idk why that's their name but the one with blonde hair and bangs made me nut she went off Kpop is crazy wtf! I don't know wtf is going on I'm watching videos they're really going off even tho I'm mad confused n don't understand! SOFT BAMBI INSPIRED MAKEUP I hope your dog is having a good day The gringos don't get it Fidel Castro is dead, cheers to the freakin weekend . I just contacted child services Have a happy vegansgiving to my little saviors of the world! Make sure to save me a cruelty free Tupperware full of fresh air Happy Nutgiving Y'all Make Sure To Get That Tight Turkey Hole Nice N Juicy With Nut Today The gat dam evolution #dubchallenge IM LAUGHING SO FUCKING HARD MY LIFE IS A JOKE I AM THE BEST YOUTUBER IN THE WORLD WATCH THIS IF UR SAD WATCH THIS IF UR HAPPY WATCH THIS IF YOU HAD A BAD DAY WATCH THIS IF. RT MY NEXT FUCKING FIVE VIDEOS EKDNDMD Yo deadass I'm postin . more than 2 videos tonight maybe 5 lmao Me: horoscopes aren't true Me @ me after reading mine: the universe is unfolding as it should the stars are in my f I'm gonna be in Phoenix December 3 with pressplay!We have family friendly fun all weekend come n see me! Tickets The worst feeling is sitting at your desk and realizing you have to take a fat shit Let someone in the fucking hallway yank me like this I'll reach to the back of their throat and yank their god dam Me, makeup, and my bank account have an abusive love triangle The last 24 hours stressed me out so bad that I'm constipated For my health. I'm not even gonna stress till January. I still got my mans Obama in the house... that's a me in 2017 problem . Not 2016 This is a time in history that will be titled in textbooks as The Rise of a Dictator, The Fall of Democracy Then Fucking die Leah I will dig your grave and slam your cracker body so hard into it you crumble The trump headquarters is looking like a group meeting for white men deciding which cousin they're gonna marry Why is god testing me. Me: I don't judge people based on political beliefs Me when anyone says absolutely anything positive about Donald I just wanted to make a formal PSA for those of you who skipped American history. or. living. Obama isn't being evicted tonight. yea It's makes you one for sexualizing an innocent picture you bum ass ENYA SCREAMS ABOUT THINGS (RANDOM RANT) She's two faced ! ... that's what she get for having an iPhone 7plus I can see her address I'm about to go snatch that fire ass hat. Vegans are wack I will shove a chicken wing up my ass rn I WILL BE IN BOSTON AGAIN ON MARCH 4TH WITH PRESSPLAY IM SO HYPE GET YA TICKETS CUZ BOSTON IS ALWAYS SO FUCKIN FUN! Me: I love you Spouse: I love you too Me: uh did you just steal my content n add 3 letters like it's not stolen? I'm contacting my manager I just find it inter esting that we have a class for biology but apparently ! They skip the lesson on how to separate your head and ass. Get Yhu A Girl That Can Throw Down In Tha Kitchen No Matter Wat You Is! Thass Rite! Normal People Food! Vege i love uh i love doing wild things uh adventures! like crossing the street with my eyes closed hoping PRAYING A CAR PUTS ME OUT OF MY MISERY I have to go powder my nose People who say you're too old for Halloween are bum ass boring people who love to SUCC the fun out of everything Naw. she fighting off heat stroke. she having a seizure BB8 (bad bitch who's only 8) Decided to be a lil promiscuous this year My name will live on far after I've gone. The ultimate meme audio Me for a year: vine is dead! Fuck vine bitch! Vine: we're discontinuing the app Me: NO PLEASE STOP I TAKE IT BACK PLEAS ILOVE YOU WMDS Vine is actually my birthplace I feel like they're making my country disappear I could cry UPDATED EVERYDAY MAKEUP TUTORIAL I can't stand when people say I'm fake and i became a bitch!! What! I been fake! You're fake for not knowing I always been a fake bitch! Happy birthday to the king thank you for being alive ! I got fake people showin fake love to me! SHIt got CRAZY! Last night Once They Brought Out Dat Milk Reminded Me Of Titty U Knew I Was Gon Chug SCHOOL VLOG #2 INTERVIEWING TEENS WHO CARE I HENTAI Bitch I play no games my sister know better I'd clock her so hard upside the head her eyeballs would have the time I want friends that take cute off guard pics of me because I always do it but deadass when they try I just be lookin dumb ugly idgi Being Latina is the best decision I didn't have to make because I was just born blessed amen! Me every time Donald opens his mouth, doesn't answer the question and says the dumbest shit knowing he'll still get Y'all sleeping on my videos lately stop neglecting me my mom already does that ClowN SPOTTING When you forget to put an alarm on but you still wake up on time When will your idol ever swing on you like I did and still look this good! I'll wait! Android user: at least I can download music straight to my phone Me: oh admitting to illegal downloading... the authorities have be contacted I HATE ANSWERS LIKE I guess BOI! You an apple product?? iGuess headass When I don't get a reply and I go to check the text thread and suddenly see them start typing Us ethnic folk don't celebrate fucking Colmbusty Dusty Day Donald please just answer the question. Donald: So you sexually harass women? Trump: I will KILL ISIS Im gonna make America wealthy again. gonna make that wall I will kill Isis Funny how I created inter esting tea! My forehead is big because it's just a representation of how big my heart is Rt if you also suffer from unneeded breakdowns when you stress over literally everything it's my kink just need to know who shares it! WHAT THE FUCK these clowns are getting so scary! Please stay safe y'all It's kinda weird people just ask for your number? I used to think social security numbers weren't a thing to share times have changed! I just absorbed so much tea bitch call me motherfuckin spongebob headass i got a man who can do both! head and ass! Happy cocktober y'all! HOW TO GET YOUTUBE MONEY AND A FAT CHECK! So weird how Niall invented the guitar and singing First look: kind gentle caring asks you how your day was Second look: doesn't ask you how your day was after you as Dogs do nothing wrong IM GONNA BE IN LONG ISLAND OCTOBER 15TH AY IM WALKIN HERE! HAHA AY IM QUIRKY! GET TICKETS TO FIGHT ME AT :~) * That Should Be Me by Justin Bieber plays softly in the background* Had a mini meetup. So cute how you all came matching me! I'm dropping hints that I'm fake. I'm fake. MINI FALL HAUL My dad a clown he went to a wedding with his girlfriend and ran from the garnet I watched a woman nearly trip in her red bottoms today and that my friends. Is the American dream. Ppl at school get me so hot like damn why you need so much explanation the teacher be like write your name they be like uh? All 3 or?? Just watched Kylie Jenner sprinkle pepper on her grilled cheese sandwich wow ! White people really can cook heck yes frickers let's finesse! I'm in a fucking bad mood can you not ask me why cuz I don't know and that'll just make me more mad cuz now I'm mad that idk why I'm mad. My number one hater so probably SUNSET CUT CREASE Couples love usin fuckin Roman numerals as their date of bein official cuz it's harder to tell they only been together for 2 weeks Uh oh! You friccin moron! You just got FINESSED! This update was like my birth, planned but still a mistake! Me: I'm so happy I made this original funny tweet and it wasn't stolen FreddyAmazin, Dory, Common white girls: Okay babies sneezing are so cute that shit is like a fucking body earthquake they be fallin over n shit haha you cute bald little bitch Sorry all I do is that. It's getting old:~( I just coughed and all the nut stuck at the back of my throat just flew out my mouth yuck! Rt if this happens to you kinda sometimes Yes because my mom left me and I need to fill the void in my heart I have trust issues with foundations like I deadass have to watch 7038 YouTube reviews before actually buying it Happy birthday my king forever xoxox ho girl I thrive off the idea of people I don't know exist hating me. It's empowering to know I've already made an impact. When its 4 am and you need water but your parents room is near the kitchen DIY GUCCI FLIP FLOPS Such an average and popular opinion. Yet I know. I know it's stolen You can really see how high school drained the life from my eyes and the happiness from my soul When it's beyond inter esting. It's Inter ... Es... Ting. School really don't care about my confidence. They takin my ID picture n I look busted as fuck did she just get jumped is she okay headass. Love how some people have never heard of deodorant ! Really proves how much more society needs to progress! Cuz y'all smell DI SKA STING! Hm! Funny how Inter esting all of this is. Not gonna say anything about it but. I do find it inter esting I know yesterday was no school but. Can this week be over I'm tired! Funny how BF means best friend! Haha acronyms r crazy ! Y'all wild tho! BF DOES MY MAKEUP :~) When ur feelin good so you get extra Okay what the fuck! White girls don't have to worry about keeping their last name when they marry cuz they marry their cousins Mood! I love roses Life imitates meme Not gonna front. I'm kinda hype I hit 200k on YouTube . Thanks or whatever ... fatties . I be lookin at texts like this cuz I'm single n nobody bout to send me some shit to hurt the feelings I don't have INTER ESTING FUNNY HOW I THINK I KNOW EXACTLY WHAT THE MERCH WILL BE LOOKIN LIKE Inter esting how my counselor changed my schedule. And did it wrong! Knock knock bitch I'm back! Round 2! DRAKE BROUGHT FUCKIN LIL WAYNE AND RIHANNA OUT I JUST FIND IT FUNNY HOW IM STILL ALIVE I see drake tonight... I need a moment GETTING MY FACE BEAT (BY ) Please send your prayers. INTER ESTING ! I'm mad this happened for the final time today next time I'm just peein on the teacher desk Yes my king with my hoodie ! Hm!! kinda inter esting how you fuckin did that! Drake and Rihanna are so ffuckingnfn CUTE WTF! I never wanted to third wheel before but I'd pay to be around them being cute omg!! Wow!! Only 170 something days of school left so close to the end ! ! So happyy BJANA PLEASE HELP ME IM ACTUALLY IN NEED OF HELP AYUDAME In all honesty. To be truthful and inter esting. Thank u for letting me join y'all for some of the funnest summer moments She was actually in the bathroom crying after cuz she wanted to collab but we said no Funny how butt hurt ppl are! Hm. Inter... Esting! Inter esting . Kinda. Funny how I have a YouTube channel too! Hm! Catch up Halsey! Wait. No fair. White people don't have to find true love they just find in the family My ass is fat as hell I signed some of my hoodies for today they're also 30 so hm! Inter esting! Why it look like his eyebrow was starting a sentence then got interrupted... Hm! Inter esting. Kinda funny how true this is! When you're thinking about the tea and then suddenly. It's all spilt Havin friends who don't live in your city who you love is so hard :~( BOI I RAN Someone pay attention to me. Immediately! Every time I like a white boy he never likes me back cuz I'm not his cousin smh! Hm. Funny how I'm gonna be in CT this weekend w/ n if you're not there ur fake, come see me ho! How she do that! This teacher just said I looked pretty today but she also called me Kenya I shoulda bopped her upside the head with my text book I love how me and all my friends are the funniest people in the world! Hm! Inter esting! DREW ME AND TINA MADE SLIME! FIRST DAY OF SENIOR YEAR VLOG My dad called me to his room and said record my gift I love saying it's funny how and then saying absolutely nothing humorous after You are the fakest fake in fake town! Hadn't realized how pressed the white ppl were with my Caucasian joke! I had them triggert! Hm! Inter esting! Love it and love you #BeHappy HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO SLEEP EARLY FOR SCHOOL IVE BEEN GOING TO SLEEP WHEN I SHOULD BE WAKING UP FOR 2 MONTHS Mood Y'all! Get Ur Shelters Redy The Nut Is Cumin Down Hard! I Think Is Tha Acockalypse Are you ready. Okay literally me with y\all Lyin asses like I loves the video and it's 12 min long but you watched it in 3 min ? . Caught. BACK TO SCHOOL SLAY MAKEUP!! Video?? Hm! I haven't been up before 12 all summer and I start school on Monday hm inter esting NOT TAKIN NO CHANCES I'm literally shook that this is my senior year and I should have my future planned out but I can't even read! I love y'all a lot read fine print on back Threads of things that make me happy Me: gets angry when someone won't open up to me about their feelings When someone tries to get me to open up: Fabuloso smells so fucking good like too good I think I'm addicted to sniffing fabuloso Please notice my cover ! Diet Coke tastes like disappointment If you mix sodas I am automatically gonna assume you're a serial killer and I'm contacting the authorities immediately I can't stop thinking about this No offense but I'm the funniest and most fun person I fuckin know bitch! Ugh yes me you go off I love you me! Can't believe 100k of you dumbasses follow me! Haha idiots! I fucking suck! I'm kidding I'm gr8 so r y'all or whateva no corny shit This is an indirect to white ppl sorry for the trigger I FUCKIN HATE WHEN IM TYPING AND SO IS THE PERSON IM TEXTING AND BOTH OF US STOP TO SEE WHAT ONE ANOTHER HAS TO SAY ILL THROW MY PHONE RN Mind your own titty business I can't believe I invented being annoying WE ALMOST DIED IN A CAR WRECK + #QandbAe (GONE WRONG) (GONE SEXUAL) I'm literally so mad because of how funny drew's video was dkdndnd I want him dead Is it just me or do the Jonas Brothers look related HM! Im so tired of seeing pictures of the choker and Harley Queef and captions like me and you please Im begging stop please LETS TALK SCHOOL PART 2 I love when my BF runs his fingers through my hair!! ok I used to say I hate kids a lot but? They're actually so fun?? Like yes!! You just tripped and fuckin jumped right back up you did that. I feel like I'm the only person in the world not watching stranger things Okay I love lurking on my friends like? Don't mind me just gonna stalk ur Twitter with no shame and question ur tweet from last year! I hate when dreams are super realistic and my dumbass wake up hella confused PSA. Okay but dogs are really so important ?? Precious innocent creatures who need to be protected at all costs... I'm deactivating RN I can't believe I got so good looking . Like ... Puberty? I did that. It's 12. Frank where is the album. Me! Looking better than I need to be looking! With horrible hair! Lurking is my passion My doctor just told me if I'm pregnant I can't vape... Too bad! Just swallowed my vape pen and if my fetus don't take a hit! I don't want it! Marijuana? More like marijuaNO! Steer from drugs y'all! Weed? I don't NEED! Amen! My phone is hot that means I should put it down but... Fuck no! Where's my charger! Crank up the heat! I USED TO BE SO FUCKING UGLY AND WHEN I SAY USED TO I MEAN LESS THAN LIKE A YEAR AGO WATCH ME NEXT YEAR SAY I WAS UGLY AT THIS TIME TOO OMG I need anime recommendations 911! My dick fell awf! WOW! It's almost like. There's a whole other app. That is just for this!! soo innovative ! The 1975 is the best band/artists I've seen live I'm actually such a fucking nice person tf! I hate when people who got on my bad side wanna claim I'm a bitch ! You brought that out ugly! It's #NationalGirlfriendDay If Yur Single Don't Worry Ur All My Baes! Me not being able to stay serious This random white man just tried to kiss my cheek while I was taking a selfie wtf No offense but fuck white people and their shitty white people food I'm so fucking angry RN I want a fuckin baleada not chicken tenders GLOSSY MAKEUP LOOK Um. Drake who!? WHY AM I ACTUALLY IN THE BEST MOOD OF MY FUCKING LIFE I FEEL SO FUCKIN GOOD I COULD SNAP A PIECE OF WOOD ON MY HEAD N STILL FEEL GOOD I'm the ppfavsquad's putinha do amor Putinha do amor He said what's for lunch I said I hope you not a vegan cuz ! face titties booty toes My Dick Fell Owf! #AllWhiteLipsMatter Okay but I was just thinking it's actually insane white people DONT have lips like if I push my lips in I don't even look human WTF HAHA Me watching my bag come around on the baggage carousel Is flatbread the white person stolen version of a tortilla This white guy just assaulted me for no reason all I asked was is it true white ppl only marry inside the family? I DONT UNDERSTAND HOW I ACTUALLY AM SUCH A HEAVY SLEEPER I COULD SLEEP THROUGH THE RETURN OF JESUS AND WAKE UP TO MY FELLOW SINNERS CONFUSED The fckin uber almost drove to the airport with my bag and not me. I put my bag in and then he drove tf off... I was shook. To the bone. When the teachers ask how your summer was One Direction will always be 2gether in my hart Go watch me and Christian's video rn :~( Casey Neistat is deadass. the actual king of vlogging. Selena should not be defending Taylor because Taylor is not a real friend. A real friend wouldn't lie and tell her she can sing. #Ryanisbetterthanyou Me n r filming this weird ass challenge send me song titles Can he actually calm the fuck down... Fear of God?? Them pants so gat dam expensive change the name to Fear of Debt Um. Okay They're not real can you actually shut the fuck up you extra ugly rubadubdub bitches He's a pooper trooper Rt for our troop. That's right. Troop without an s, singular. This the only soldier in the world, he keeps us safe. I'm dead ass so done being friends with wack ass people When you try to make yourself like the look you did but you know it's not what you wanted it to look at all Home-made fashion queen, self taught makeup artist, from the womb of petty, xoxo forehead the size of Texas When did you make this CASUAL LOOK BOOK Niall finally got a girlfriend my fucking king is deep in them guts! He did that! I HATE THIS Petco employee: that fish look ugly as shit gat dam Me as the fish: let me speak to your manager Me n bestie killin it can you not read. Me n Bestie Killed It Idk what's sadder, the insane fear that engulfed her face or the fact that she was just speaking . What's up bitches! I'll be in NEW JERSEY July 23rd & 24th don't leave me lonely and get tickets :~) At it again The somebody else video ... do a kick flip onto my clit :~( I can't stop crying I love Nathan so much and Meech and Kirk and Mike and victor even tho he never pays attention in our group chat The v in Vagina auto caps letting the world know who's boss Highlighter 38 dollars Me: yes okay I need that!! Lunch: 6 dollars Me: uhh lol... Im sure there's food at home . Bye Me: shawty wanna kiss me but I know she suckin dick My brother: why does he have to be so rude about it Wow. I want flowers Thank you ! To all the veterinarians who made this day possible! U save lives on the daily amen! YEEYEE! Never forget The Carrie Diaries. RIP you were the best Jumped the gate of an upper class couple and decided to bask in my lower class troubles in their backyard IT IS SO DIFFICULT TO NOT CUT MY HAIR BECAUSE I MISS LONG HAIR BUT SHORT HAIR IS WHERE MY HEART IS COOKING BREAKFAST WITH ENYA Y'all I know it don't affect you in the slightest but I just had a bomb ass lunch ya girl is gonna take a great shit too today is gud! I am so fucking funny An actual angel Hey beautiful Have. A Gud Day BbyGurl My sister just said Diana instead of Dinah and then it turns out she meant Normani it was such a confusing conversation Just wanted to remind you if you're feeling sad don't worry there's more where that came from life is full of sadness IwAs trying to record a vine and I deadass burped by accident instead of speaking Tweets like this keep me going 5 MINUTE MAKEUP CHALLENGE LISTEN TO ALL THESE RIGHT NOW White people stealing things like they've been doing for centuries I look so good while bein a ho Thinking about 1D possibly not being a band anymore is worse than thinking about when my mom left me . I forgive you for stealing my jokes, short term memory loss is a serious thing, I wish I wish I'd known sooner. Saw Finding Dory, now I understand the Dory acc. Memory loss makes them forget they saw the tweet n they tweet it accidentally stealin it. I have eczema on the middle of my arm and my neck so when I itch it too much I get worried someone might think I do heroin or crack He laughed in my living room he's lying AM I SMARTER THAN A 7 AND 6 YEAR OLD From buying apple juice to buying Smirnoff No offense summer but like. It's kinda too hot I know I complain about a lot but my titties are literally melting off. :~) so cute Been really practicing my part for the shark boy and lava girl remake that I'm sure will happen in 2020 When his mom greets you with a so you the one who been calling him daddy. When you trying to get him mad cuz he got you mad but he's not getting mad and it's just gettin you mad I can in the MOST literal sense do WHAT EVER I want with my body I could literally slap my titties out onto a table RIGHT NOW Someone commented on my ig post about my cleavage saying I should keep it classy not trashy but her bio was do me not drugs lol anyways My condolences to those lost and their families. My condolences to anyone injured and their families. Sending love your way. This was a devastating violent act against the LGBT community, it had nothing to do w/ Muslims, don't use it to project your Islamaphobia. Why Tf are you awake bitch. This was an indirect to myself btw Everyone: you're all so beautiful teehee I love you haha keep ur head up princess Me: ur all ugly and fake MY FRIENDS ARE FAKE who is school idk her Fuck Adam Sandler . Next on the news: he won't be serving anytime because I'm going to fucking shoot him in his scum face Haha Yea Come Fight Me Y'all Who is sleep? Idk her If you're feeling down, babygirl remember , I'm beautiful Wow Jacob satorus just punched me in the vagina? What the fuck. He was so short he tried to punch my face but couldn't reach. #dogoodforever UM THIS SUMMER IS ABOUT TO BE SO FUCKING GOOD BITCH DONT EVEN LOOK AT ME WITH A STANK FACE IM FEELIN GOOD AND SUMMER AINT EVEN START YET I just opened snapchat and see this update. I don't recall asking for anything to be changed why did they do this Um Nevermind it I just scammed your dumbass employees thanks for the free pizza Hey your service is ass just like your pizza :~( I need attention ITS THE LAST WEEK OF SCHOOL AND ITS SO HARD TO WAKE UP CUZ MY BRAIN IS ALREADY IN SUMMER Colourpop is so fucking good like it's so affordable but that be the problem cuz i fill my cart to 20 items and still spend more than i need Who has an extra 300 dollars they wanna give me You DID THAT VERY IMPORTANT NEWS Hey daddy you've been looking so good lately dm me :~) i beat my meat I'm gonna start my own tour called WWE, Wrestling With Enya. 20 dollars a person! Special guests get to tag team w me. Call em Meet n Beats. Sun: blinding My highlight: try again When Donald Trump becomes president and you get drafted for the war he starts The lady at the salon who washed my hair jus now deadass snatched my contour and highlight! BIH! Wash my hair not my 77 dollar highlight! Me: Shutup I hope you get hit by a car Person I'm mad at: gets hit by a car Me: Girl I didn't go deaf over the last 24 hours fuck no lmao Oh my gosh! Ricky Dillon has such good music wtf! It's so so good. So good holy shit MAKEUP IS TOO EXPENSIVE SOMEONE STOP ME I CANT ITS SO EASY TO SPEND 100+ ON LIKE 3 THINGS He won't block me because he steals my tweets so he has to wait for me to pop up in his timeline I didn't even think this was a real person.What do you even do. If I get tickets will you just steal my words irl? MUSICALLY I'm the most important person to me 5 LIFE HACKS FOR TEENS My 7 year old sister just pointed to a bus and asked me if it was an uber I'm actually. A piece of fucking garbage lol Milo Rango - My Way EVERYDAY MAKEUP TUTORIAL KINDA Twitter crashes way too much everytime I'm stalking someone I get worried about touching the screen too much what if I like a tweet This stinky 10 year old took my man drake's words If you take my obvious jokes serious you're fucking ugly Gonna pass my history exam tomorrow who tf don't know bout the water break scandal!? Tf yes I kno when JFK's water broke! He had a boy! I Wish I Was This Skrong I miss drew these are the amazing pictures I have of him enjoy My uber brought his dog with him ... I told him I was allergic and he still didn't care. I love that drake shaved his beard cuz these wack fake hos will get away from my man now My mental health is fucking shattering I could really use an inspiring message from Jacob Satoering The beginning of the concert vs when it's ending This couple got engaged and matty was like get them backstage passes! Bitch tf! Lemme snatch her man and get backstage real quick. When the concert is over but you're still down for another round Adam's yellow pants. Thanks. What a look The 1975 actually just murdered me and I don't need to be brought back to life Matty's dance moves are fucking impeccable ...magnificent . astounding .captivating Me during If I Believe You Azebra Banks rn is literally the substitute who gets snapped on by a kid and tries super hard to defend herself but looks dumber than before YES M'am!! SNATCH HER RIGHT UP MY QUEEN Is 53 short? It's the only thing keeping me alive Feelin myself this morning Me: feel my legs Friend: did you just shave Me: no actually I haven't, for more than 3 months I'm growing a rug please touch them In 5th grade when I really wanted to let my emo out I tried to get a skull bookbag for school and my dad told me I couldn't get it School is so close to being over. But each day. I grow weaker. Will I make it?? Find out in like 4 weeks BYe I LOVE YALL SO MUCH LIKE I WANT TO BODYSLAM YOU ALL BUT OUT OF LOVE (-) What if there was a fast food place like sonic but instead of rollerskates it was people with heelys Me when I watch these little boys on musically SNATCHED Thought I'd make a post on edmodo to my teachers and class I SEE THE 1975 IN LESS THAN A WEEK BITCH! FUCK Thank you Cristina for the kind and random gift of feeding me and my unborn child This why I don't be online no more y'all straight #Cyberbully me #ad #sponsor #Cyberbullythemovie Said I was pregnant to avoid participation n now my class think Im prego I should be like y\all I lied but Im like I think it's a boy Me: I hate soundcloud rappers Drew: yea so I'm a soundcloud rapper Me: I LOVE SOUNDCLOUD RAPPERS i'm gonna try hard to upload more on youtube i'm always tired but never of u Them: Um. what are we? Me: We Dem Boyz WHY YOU GOTTA FIGHT WITH ME AT CHEESECAKE YOU KNOW I LOVE TO GO THERE! :~[ People who bring balloons for their birthday to school mad annoying lol GET THEM SHITTS OUTTA HERE! Go to fuckin biology bitch! Overall Views gets a 10/10 from me! Thanks ! Now just body slam me and I will feel complete! All these people comin at me sideways like drake not even all that you probably haven't cleaned ur ears since u was 5 they're full of caca ANOTHER DRAKE AND RIHANNA SONG I'd let drake nut in my eyes damn papi make me blind Gross Ew MIDDLE FINGER UP PUT THEM HANDS HIGH!! WAVE IT IN HIS FACE TELL HIM BOY BYE! IM SO HYPED FOR VIEWss :~) :~[ WHAT IS THE VOUCHER CODE I MEANT OLDER BUT LIKE IT MAKES SENSE I guess I'm not seeing drake Why are good seats for drake starting at 400 someone slide 2937393 into my paypal Me about WE LOVE NASH! The only thing keeping me not from diving into a wood chipper rn is Views coming out and fucking tickets for the tour can't wait to nut I AM SO FUCKING EMO TrEAT Her Right Playlist is so fun I'm so emo today is the last day I NEED ATTENTION AT ALL TIMES Happy birthday weed Rihanna killing a man in her videos is my mood Small or medium If drake does a pop up shop in ur city and you wanna make me happy get me a views shirt please I couldn't get one i will fucc u succ u All I can think about is Skaii Jackson bald and sitting on a lazy boy chair What the fuck is up with beauty gurus and turning fucking eos balls into like transformers and shit When you want to win the petty beef and ignore him but he isn't phased Playlist looks I've bought so many glitter makeup products and I don't do makeup well so idk what to do with it but it's makes me happy Glitter is so nice and important What a beautiful night to loath in self pity Like if I should do an actual lookbook video Dog rescue videos got me sobbin n shit. Let me catch someone abusing a dog I'll shoot them in the thighs Time to bust a nut One time I got in trouble and my dad threw a listerine bottle at my leg he was tryin to break my gatdam leg my scrawny 7 year old self I hate when magazines talk about Kylie Jenner and mention she's only 18 and successful like it's because of her family please stop Boys who hate the dog filter think titties are actually sphere shaped and think a clit is a myth Why am I awake 2 hours ago I was so tired I don't get it im a messy bitch Happy birthday I can't wait to see you and ask you politely to body slam me I didn't get the memo that your album is out I waited 34 years for this moment I feel proud good job sport Yesterday at the fair some girls asked us for our bracelets for unlimited rides when we were leaving, I love meetin scammers who love fraud Actually no I'm just MORE coraline is I straighten my hair and part my bangs a little bit I'm a perfect coraline cosplay Fuk I'd let drake body slam me BYe SIDBDK I want chocolate milk so bad () My brother been havin this petty argument with my sister for the past hour n her voice just got so deep she bout 2 body slam him into hell Tutorial white people dreads All these drake songs leaking. Thank you P E to the T T Y THERE WAS A PUPPER IN THE BATHBOMB ! And part of sales go to helping pups ( from ) EMMA IS A FUCKING LEGEND AODNDJD I REMEMBER THIS IM SCREMAINGDK pero... m dejame estar callada porquee. mM If you can please help Emma's family I SHOULD FUCKING SMILE MORE Nothing makes sense Mood Today some boy said he wants him a girl with abs so he can pour maple syrup on her stomach and it'll look like waffles I just wish I wasn't so emotional Hmm I feel . Weirrd not bad but not good it's weird It's all okay Thank you for the times you made me laugh thank you for being you thank you Emma I love you Fuck. When he says you can get anything you want if it's under 3 dollars I'm like. Really emo thinking about school on Monday Thanks to everyone who came to chill tonight it was so fun! :~) it was cute gracias A year without zayn in 1D and mind of mine what a fucking day do I nut or do I cry Listening to Tio then remembering Tio means uncle in Spanish My pussy is a slip n slide now Mood HONDURAN STRUGGLES It's national puppy day but in my head everyday is puppy day lets be real An amazing tru story Enya Umezoomie STORY TIME: I WAS DEAD FOR 3 DAYS AND NOW IM ALIVE AGAIN?! Twitter doesn't do the confetti thing when I like my own tweet... Why the lack of self-love. Why am I awake Sometimes our talents . Get us hurt Come and see me Interviewer: do you recall tweeting nut in my pussy n wipe ur nut on my cheek like simba in lion king Me: lol yea u rted that? COME HANG OUT WITH ME ON THE 25TH (Friday) AT 770 NE 125th ST (MOCA) LETS CHILL I WANNA GET HUGS AND LAUGH FROM 6 TO 9 PM True religion jeans are ugly n it makes me laugh that boys think it's a flex when they begged their mom for $400 to buy Ross lookin jeans Idk if I wanna sleep all spring break or actually do shit if I do shit imah be mad I didn't sleep. I sleep imah be mad I didn't do shit The things I can't change are the reasons you love me Dance for me baby me: No teacher I refuse to put evidence in my essay... Ya big headass was there when we were reading. You know what I'm talkin bout. This teacher just told a kid who was talkin about sex that he only knows what nut looks like cuz it's always in his left hand I'm screaming Gotta get that one last relatable tweet out before he sleeps Wow if you were a real friend you'd know my social security number I just sneezed so hard I think my spine fell out of my ass WoO Dogs are so fucking important I love them so much I am in luv with Jacob Saggytoris I feel so emo When the crew tryin to look at the dumb ass texts some dumb boy sent you I'm so tired but I don't want to sleep THE SLAP ISNT REAL CHILL Oh fuk! All dogs go to heaven I can't stop laughing at this ... Oh oh you're verified? But you still can't read . Congrats tho!! IM SO EXCITED FOR BOSTON!! I WANNA GET HUGS AND I WANNA TAKE POLAROIDS I NEED TO GET A POLAROID CAMERA I WANNA START A WALL WITH U GUYS YA FUKIN BUM Meet me in the ring bitch no gloves straight fists If y'all fund me I'll deadass fight Hillary Clinton she's so fucking fake she remind me of my annoying ass 7th grade librarian I'll slap the fuck outta the next person to hit me with that lack of self respect you gon have a lack of consciousness after I knock u out SLUT SHAMING IS DEADASS THE UGLIEST SHIT EVER AND THE FACT THAT PEOPLE USE THE TERM LACK OF SELF RESPECT MAKE ME SCREAM BITCH SHUTUP LOL Get you someone who can do both ! WONT EVEN GET YOU UNDRESSED OR CARE ABOUT YOUR BEATING CHEST Happy International Womenz Day we r Angels I am coraline ** Nothing turns me on like boys my age talking about how their future wife better be subservient and be around to only please them It's too early for me to be this angry Go to look Hi can I pet your dog - one of the very important things I say a lot I'm so hyped to sleep WHO TRYIN TO GET FUKED What am I doing what the fuck If you have pictures of me and you tweet me the picture DIDBDK YOU GUYS MAKE ME SUPER HAPPY IM VERY GRATEFUL I HAVE SUCH A GREAT GROUP OF FOLLOWERS WHO R SO NICE AND WELL ROUNDED I LOVE MY KIDS When y'all call me blueberry think about this I was born in the wrong century Teens in 1816: our soil is bad temperatures are too high we can't grow crops we are going to die Teens today: hi RT if YOU h8 today's teens IF YOU LIVE IN BOSTON!! PULL YA TIMBS OUT AND COME TO PRESSPLAY TO SEE ME ON MARCH 12TH!! GET YA TICKETS Grown ass men love calling me a cunt like that's the go to insult as if callin me a cunt is the worst thing they could muster up IM A MESSY BITCH WHO LIVES FOR DRAMA Okay? They still get put down with shit like you know nothing about politics when they voice their political views Expecting 17-18 year old teens to have a full blueprint for their future is crazy when they're not even allowed to voice opinions When I got threw with her SHUTUP Regina go back to cooking water casseroles You can't just make a new high school musical with a whole new cast just fucking replay the movies forever Never forget. Dogs r so fuckin cool Keep Your Head Up Princess Your Tiara Is Falling Smh Leo should have won an Oscar years ago for not only surviving the titanic but filming it all what a hero America is so stupid It only took Leo forever to win it just proves that someday after years of crying I have just a little chance of winning something some day Guy: why do your boobs look like that Me: what Guy: like pointed at the end Me: ... Is this a joke? Guy:? Me: ... Nipples?? Bitch yo house got Windows Someone at one point prolly saw you n wanted to ask you for your number but was too scared n walked away n regretted it the whole day YOU BETTER BELIEVE IM THE PETTIEST BITCH YOU'll EVER MEET I don't watch the oscars because it just looks like how I would imagine a really boring white persons baby shower When they think you too sweet and small to hurt them My abuela is such an angel I just watched her kill a mosquito with her chancla it was a spiritual moment Me dating a white boy Me: hahaha omg shut up Him: what did you just. Me: what's in the bag I was kidding Him: The 1975 stalked my Instagram and took my caption as a song title #exposed YES! :.()*+:* THE ALBUM IS SO GOOD! Hillary Clinton got that white old teacher attitude that I'll wait attitude that the bell does not dismiss you I do attitude ugh I need me a freak who reminds me to put in my retainers every night If I told you I ned you! Is that what you want!? IM BROKEN AND BEEAATEN IM BEGGIN FOR HELP! i don't understand the concept of teachers wanting 3 or more drafts you want me to fuck up and make mistakes for the same essay 3 times?? Me. Duh I only believe in astrology when it is saying something good about me I want drake to choke slam me Rihanna and Drake are so hot I'm sweating and breathing hard I wasn't ready for the second part of the work video I'm actually screaming When ur lurking n get ur feelings hurt . I'll leave this here The ending to FML deadass sounds like it's sung by the minions and it makes me so mad I NEOFNFJF I KNOW IM SO SORRY I LET THE WHOLE TEAM DOWN CHEF ENYA MAKES BANANA BREAD Me: walks into boys room Me: is that the smell of ... Guy: sawdust candle? Me: fuk take off my pants please hurry It just smells like vanilla nothing like a cigar trust nobody, not even your shelf You have 0 right to claim anyone is ever lying about their sexual abuse shut the fuck up #FreeKesha The guy who says damn Daniel deadass sounds like beast boy sirnfkfj I enjoy intense attention directed towards me new phone i know who this is but I don't want to reply u ever walking in the hallway at school and everyone smell either musty or like syrup. whats happening in your mornings why dogs r angels #confirmed i need me a freak who say shit like i have a lot of goals i want and im going to be successful my phone is fucked because of the replacement button i got bye so um... lol wtf Now if I fuck this model. And she just bleached her asshole. And I get bleach on my t-shirt. Ima feel like an asshole Im gonna kill you Me: that's kinda hot . What else ;~) . Where the fuk is my free download of Somebody Else Haha angry white people are crazy What a wild bitch You got game on yo phone? The fuck Me I can't believe I'm coraline You wasted gas went to where he was at with his new girl called her a slut AND recorded just to look THIS STUPID I loved seeing the my parents don't know we date couples in school actin like its Valentine's Day cuz they can't see each other on Sunday I need me a freak to lick the cheese off my fingers after I eat hot Cheetos I was givin Valentine's Day lollipops and I immediately cut myself and now I can't stop spitting blood Uum fucking kill me FUCK THAT GET MONEY Everything is so hard I think I'm gonna explode In 4th grade my crush and I were playing and he accidentally slapped my loose tooth out my mouth and I picked it up and kept playing I jokingly told my friend to make me fingertip hats and How do people leak music do you crawl into the artist's house and like put it on your hello kitty jump drive Okay I'm gonna watch a sad love movie and cry peace When your phone screen AND THE EXTRA PROTECTIVE CRACKS I love drake I just I really do like I honestly love drake I love him like I dated him and he left me and I'm still in love Dog tested. Dog approved. Me: yanks out my wallet Beyonce and Bruno Mars are bullying Coldplay by stealing the show like this LMAo Beyonce just shit on everyone Who is gonna win the super bowl? I need me a freak like this YEsS FUCK ME UP TBH I don't even know what the fuck a casserole is Hilary Clinton fake as shit she prolly tell her white friends their casseroles are better than one another's in different rooms smh I've done this and I don't even wear it because I am like oh there's no difference whatever Hey @ me why do you keep buying expensive lipsticks but like all the same shades . I'm just curious Bitch shutupp Shutup please Yo this ain't even the whole move and I'm crying fck outta my face I am the #1 loser I like sad songs with hyped up beats and instrumentals so I'm sayin the truth but I'm still hyped SIKE BITCH! It was tru ya lame ass prollysolonely a few months later and I regret the things I said to you and I'm sorry I was just so angry I need me a talented man like this White rich kids (Vine by Lucas's Drafts) When you're too busy looking cute to realize your friend almost got crushed to death This is the stance coaches do when they scream COME oON TF?? mind ya own business... When you were about to be petty and delete the text thread but they text back I want dark chocolate :~( FUCK ME UP I dress like a lost 6 year old She gonna sue you Happy Birthday I love your hands you should STRANGLE mE then body slam me Me: :~( Person: turn that frown upside down Me: )~: Buying cute panties is a stress reliever When you're not into him DRAKE SEX WITH ME SO aMMAAZZIN Okay I have school I'm feeling really fragile I'm going to sleep a broken soul I'm so fucking holy shit SOSNDKD I'd let a dog stab me it probably got good intentions I trust it Okay I'm gonna be working on a YouTube video for a while it's gonna be a movie I'll probably post a trailer you guys will love it I want to collaborate on me if you get what I'm sayin do you get it like. I want em both to fck meup Me Okay but so what if Kanye likes fingers in his bootyhole don't kink shame him 5 TIPS FOR OLD PEOPLE ON SOCIAL MEDIA! Basically I PUT ON MY GLASSES AND STARTED CRYING EVERYTHING IS SO HD HOLY SHIT Me: is actually crying after hearing drakes verse like I am in tears My aggression is just my form of love Exciting stuff is happening if y'all hos don't fucking stay by my side and support me I will murder every single one of you!:~)! Hey! I know I haven't uploaded I fucking suck but !! A video by me is going up on tomorrow at 4pm est My heart hurts from watching the History video I didn't need that in my life rn Listen to this now I think about this a lot Wtf pay attention to me Sorry I got angry for like 20 seconds but I'm good now and I have no explaination I deadass don't even understand myself Suprise! :~) Me in Miami: fuck it's freezing Someone in northern state: okay but 7 feet of snow here ME: okay but it's like 60 and super windy here got my hat on backwards and I'm ready to party I just. I really really like dogs ya know You call me a ho your man calls me babygirl i love nicknames Im only happy to be 17 so I can finally post a picture on Instagram with the caption but she can't be what you need if she's seventeen Thnks for all the birthday wishes even tho I don't like my birthday you guys mean a lot it's cool to know y'all care I was the fastest nut I can't believe I'm 71 now I can't believe it's guy fieri's birthday I'm screaming inside my head Yo I can't see shit Yo her eyeliner is poppin tho My tactic is if I hate myself more than anyone else no one can rlly say shit to hate on me cuz no one hates the bitch (me) like I do Ew what the fuck I hate this ugly fuckin laffy Taffy headass bitch When someone asks about your future plans and you start having an inner breakdown I ain't even askin to fuckin travel the world I just want to be able to travel to the fuckin bank n see some nice numbers Me: says one small lie Me: I'm so horrible I honestly hope I burn in hell for all of eternity Nothing has changed Yo what the fuck am I doin lol I'm lame as shit shawty kinda dum I'm such a fucking idiot I could deadass cry thinking about Obama not being the president anymore it just not gonna feel right Happy Birthday you fine bitch thank you so much for being the fastest nut of the bust If you didn't shit today you gonna regret it tomorrow because all day at school you gonna be like damn I gotta shit Hey guys got another tattoo . HI I AM YOUR BIGGEST FAN PLEASE NOTICE MY TATTOO When no one wants to talk to you so you take some time for a one on one with yourself Everyone is so extra use that energy n call your parents to tell em you love em or some shit Q&A #2 Try me It's cold out ... You don't just need a jacket you need. Some Chapstick... Please. Just... Not for me but for you do it for you Tell him you can't talk on the phone because it's dead and when he asks what you're texting him from say your phone #WasteHisTime2016 If yeh had a chance 2 change ye fate wouldya Where is views from the 6 Who up 4 school punch me in the gatdamn neck When I was a child and I'd be excited to go back to school. What a fucking idiot. RT if you are dead you chillin you dead Don't make me cry because then I won't be able to stop and you'll feel bad about it Yeehaw I think about this a lot Please don't drink n drive tonitethnks Hopefully there's a lot of nut and happiness in 2016 Are we still good Girls are so cute! . oh you in Miami? DM me for my address real quick lets break this bad boy open ;~) Me: how is your skin so clear Fake deep person: I just drink lots of water and keep a positive attitude Me: who TF is this my guy BITCH WHY TJEKRKEKFIFKFJF BYE I HTE YALLDKDMDKF OH GOLLY GEE A SNAPCHAT FROM TEAM SNAPCHAT WHAT A GLORIOUS CHRISTMAS MIRACLE! Mood board. Christmas 2015. It's not snowing here who's tryin to nut in my face and give me a white Christmas Fuck Christmas ima just beat my meat When your aunt buys you clothes that aren't that ugly Happy Birthday call yo friends and get drunk It feels nothing like the holidays why am I so dead inside I hope my future kids birthday is after my birthday because I don't want my child to be older than me The only exciting thing I have to look forward to is my multiple cute outfits Me rn Thanks for 500k on vine I am still dead inside ! The force awaken in this puussyy Things to leave in 2015: - my existence Merry Christmas here I am booy Me: these Christmas songs don't touch my ho soul Ariana: I got you. I got you you're the only thing that's going on in my mind! Me to my spouse of 10 years: I love you My spouse: ok thanks When you're trying to act like everything is okay but you're dead inside It's all so overwhelming Sorry teacher my world doesn't revolve around your stupid homework that you probably won't grade you self absorbed cunt I can't wait to grow up n be a mom ima have a kid it'll be a labrador n ima give it whatever it wants fuck me up eat my clothes jk plzdont When you tryin to act like you mad at ya man but still lowkey want his attention Gift Ideas For The Broke People Like Me Tired of misconceptions . me Stephanie Starbucks me pay 4 Me writing essay that needs to be 5 pages long: Edgar Allan Poe, known for multiple renowned pieces such as (names everything he ever wrote) The sweet relief of taking your hair down when your head hurts but the disappointment of your head still hurting a few min later Enya, you're going to The 1975! Me: copies homework and has no clue what it's about My teacher: gives test on those same questions My teacher: RT if YOU are also dead inside Nothing adds to my self hate like taking a test and literally having no idea what I'm doing at just staring at a paper helplessly Sometimes I just stop and I think. What is drake doing right now?? Has he pooped today? Whichever one can help me dig my grave and help bury me alive quickest I hate when you are awake for you are so stupid yet so unaware of it Artists all release new music around the same time like bitch can't y'all meet up and like plan different times? I only got two ears bitch. Texting me . boy you ugly as hell it look like someone dropped a snowcone on ya head you built like like a box of stale pocky sticks Okay but like... Your business... You should. Mind that My teacher: did you do that essay? Me: nobody is gonna open doors for you. You need to open them urself. The key to success is cocoa butter THE 1975 COMING TO MY CITY IM SHAKINGFJFFM First date : hi:~) Once we've been dating for a while: W E L C O M E BACKTO HELL It don't make no sense less I'm doin it with you I'm gonna be a 1st grade teacher The clit is located in the middle of the person's big and 2nd toe This puppy flipped off the chair 2 sec after this picture and we didn't get pictures of it so I recreated it When you tell your parents you doin homework n they walk into ya room and catch you on Twitter instead . beep beep bitch give me my money fuck ya wack email service and being on hold for 900 hours . I payed an extra 17 dollars for express shipping and the package was supposed to arrive on Wednesday I want my money back bitch I think dogs should rule the world I'm the neediest person in the whole world someone should just throw me into a fire Thankful for me Okay but I'm so thankful for y'all you've really helped me grow in so many aspects of my life shoutout to ya'll Lemme tell you something. I ain't ever gon change imah always be a ho! They don't know it's wrong they not lookin for good good they be down for chairs they don't get it Why do people call other people dogs to be degrading like oh he a dog dogs are angels what did a dog do to you When you pay extra for 2 day shipping and it's been 3 days and still no package Teacher: what college do you want to go to? Me: can you stop verbally attacking me bitch Why I got the sudden urge to put a turkey wing up in my pussy Found out how to make great vines today I've never tried eggnog This is me DOGS ARE SO CUTE THEY're TOO GOOD FOR THIS WORLD My lace panties just caught onto my pant zipper and ripped nothing is okay everything in the world is bad That's none of my business get away from me :~) &lt;- me screaming with my mouth closed You don't love me. Big fucking deal. Someone tryin to have a dick on they arm forever When you don't text or call your parents back ZAYN ALBUM GON MAKE ME SO WET CALIFORNIA GET READY IM BOUT TO FIX THAT DROUGHT Mind ya own damn business bitch Why come up to me n talk shit about the artist I like why you so rude I don't like you but you don't see me tellin ya grandma how shitty u r Yea I'm really fuckin great so someone should hold me and play with my hair SIKE! Fuck yo opinion imah do :~( shit is so fucked I ruin everything I touch dldidnfk Omg we get it! You're annoying!! Stop talking!! We don't need no more proof bitch! I love you I love you I love I love I love Olivia I was having a bad day and now I have a great view of a beautiful working dog and I'm so happynddjdmfkf Today is not a good day I can't believe 1D threw a good album in my face then just gon walk outta my life like my momma did but I hope they come back ...she didn't Me: looks at my grades Me: I need to get my life together Tru:~( I want Zayn to tweet about Made In The AM so bad :~( Me: lol corny fucking lame ass bitch!! Me: gets told corny shit Me: my heartisfuckingdrowninginlove If You Get Made In The Am On Friday The 13th You Will Get Good Dick I Swear You Will If You Don't You Will Get Stank Nasty Dick I should start thinking before I do stupid shit but yo!! Doin stupid shit is fun! Not the oh I fucked up part but the YEA FUCK IT! part! HOW WILL I KNOW IF HE REALLY LOVES ME?!?!?!? Reading The Definitions Beautiful Lyrics Just gonna say it since no one else will watch me turn on my blinker bitch Shawn Mendes. Signmethefuckup Donald Trump: boycott Starbucks Me: buys 1k worth of Starbucks He's not answering my texts, because he dead :~( yep he dead so that's why he didn't reply someone tell his mom I got no text back he dead Me I hate so many people just cuz my soul can sense that imah hate them so I avoid contact cuz my soul be so right I hate the Sundays that you don't do anything and it's just like a weird waiting for the day to be done and knowing you have school tomorrow Today was 10/10 highly recommended what a time to be alive When you wait till the class before an essay is due to do it It was fun talkin to y'all!! Ill see you Saturday at . Tickets are stills up at ... ME Umm he better be dead no other reason excuses this nonsense ( but hopefully he not dead ) but . Lol YOUR OWN BUSINESS My business is all I mind Idk! I really like purple and pink so I think for now I'm just gonna stick to what I know Humidity ... This isn't advice girl just brace yourself...:. Cuz this humidity... Ohlord No omg I can't even stand like 70 degree weather I would die but I want to one day! Not die. See snow. GIRL I GOT YALL On moNDAY I PROMISE I PROMISE I only got two... But one is bruised... Cuz my friend threw an orange at my titty when I was walking into lunch . Anything! But I might wear a skirt i don't think it'll be pg-12 if I got my booty out.But idc whatever you want! Im answerin questions for the next 10 mins. Add #PressPlayEnya to ask me some juicy shit! Someone gonna win tickets Im doin a chat @ 6:50. I wanna talk to my Miami hos about Saturday tweet #PressPlayEnya to join. Someone will win tickets! My best Ugh the school system is so fucking stupid Im someone mom take a picture of me for Facebook hurry Fuck this pussy boy fuck it *deep bass* FUCK IT RIGHT BOII I love me so much! Someone kiss me for me I'm glad you didn't throw it under the rug and make excuses much love Nathan That time of the year Ok so who's going to pressplay on Saturday and who is gonna kiss me and hug me EW NOW TWITTER HAD HEARTS INSTEAD OF FAVS?? REALLY TWITTER WHY YOU WANNA BE EVERYONE ELSE SO BAD LIKE MIND YO OWN FUCKIN BUSINESS WTF Is this emoji considered an emotion cuz I'm feelin it I'm so happy tomorrow is christmas When the one person you want to talk to is asleep ugh wake up and pay attention to me!! Smh rudebitch rt if you agree Stay safe this Halloween !! If you gonna suck dick!! Check the nut before you swallow!! People out here be crazy putting razors in stuff! Mind who's business? Mind ya own business When you're trying to read your answer but everyone in the class keeps talking . THIS GIRL IN MY CLASS IS TALKING ABOUT ALL THE GUYS SHE CATFISHES PLEASE SEND HELP QUICK SHE CRAZY Not to complain butt I fucking hate EVERYTHING LOVE WHEN I TRY HARD TO GET GOOD GRADES THEN THE LAST TWO WEEKS EVERYTHING GOES TO SHIT HAHAHAHA YES ! JUST FUCK MY LIFE HUH MS.JONES I don't even remember when I stopped caring what people thought of me but honestly it makes everything so much more fun Yes I wore this to school Dropping everything to seduce your man :~( Yo people be out here talkin bout fuck my parents they can't tell me shit and expect me to relate like oh youtryintogetmekilled?? It's like I always do the same shit then wonder why it ends the same lmao This random kid came up to me at the park Happy Birthday Papi 6 God OK I FUCKING LOVE YOU WTF!! Not like there's actual residents other than this white couple who decided to go somewhere they prob talk shit on YOU DON't WANT NO BEEF BOY! When I'm nervous or anxious my cheeks get so hot I think my cheeks are gonna slide off my human meat on my skull Hey I'm a big bitch but I got feelings too ya know this bitch need a hug n shit sometimes too hold my hand you wack ho When your coffee was too hot so you put it down to let it cool off but you wait too long and now it's cold Just set up my dating profile Drake lowkey dance like my drunk tia when they play some bachata It's so aesthetically pleasing I COULD WATCH DRAKE DANCE AROUND TO HIS OWN MUSIC FOR HOURS NoO NO OKAY NADA It's really crazy when you look back at some shit like damn I wasted a lot of time on people who didn't deserve it This is me Gotta go fast I'm so wet I wish I knew how to do some bomb ass makeup like I wanna buy some bomb ass makeup but I can't do bomb ass makeup :~| I was just forced to eat a tamale for breakfast so yea I'd say being Latina is pretty wild sometimes I want a love that never runs out of butterflies I'm busy minding my own business Touch my pizza and buy me butt OK GN FR FR KINDA FR YEs IT WAS OFF SO QUICK I WAS SO HOT FUCKIT WALK THE MOON?!?!? FUCKMEUP MY SHIRT: OFF YO HOLYCHILD? PRETTY FUCKIN GOOD DAMN SHAWTY OK! YIKEs You know they only call me when they need mee Can I use your phone? Me: Yea hold on :~O I SEE WALK THE MOON TOMORROW! :~) I want to watch the sunset with drake so bad. Damn . I need this happen quick . People be out here lookin good as hell... Including me but damn some people be lookin good as FUCK I either don't tell anyone anything or I tell someone too much! Wtf! God why you do me like this!?!?! Dogs are so cool Oh word tru shit!! No offence but I look so fucking good rn OCTOBER FAVORITES So far gone YIKES I'm a mess that don't rhyme with shit it's just true No one will love you like her it's pointless When someone texts me imy Not dead just minding my own business Why is my dad watching my fucking YouTube video in the room next to me. Someone Helpme Im pretty freckley I got a lot of freckles lowkey Make this hotline bling pinkonpinkonpink Tomorrow is October :~)) Dogs are so great My World 2.0 is such a big part of who I was as an 11 year old Stop sayin hos are bad or these hos ain't loyal you see how ugly ya dick is she put that in her mouth. That is as loyal and nice as it gets. Schools really need to go in depth on sex ed this boy today was like if she's wet is it just extra pee leaking out I said I gtg Can't wait for Halloween so I can take on my true form as sonic Just been minding my own business I want to sleep for a whole 24 hours LMAoO UmM OK SpongeBob a grown ass man with no license he play with bubbles like he still 5 no wonder his crusty ass krusty krab workin ass got no hos This tea ! Muy Caliente I want to run into a famous person and run up and be like hey can you take a picture? Then pose by myself so they're confused and offended The word bae is ugly as shit don't say that ugly ass word around me I have so many things to do and 0 motivation honestly I'm ready to die a failure I've accepted it Hey I'm not dead. Yet. oh word tru shit One day one direction is about to split up the next they're telling me the album is up for pre order make up ya damn mind I'm not ok I GOT MONEY FOR MAC BITCH!! When people are fighting but you really just trying to make this mixtape review Jumpman jumpman jumpman them boys up to somethin! I hate asking for money from y'all but some people really need the help n I would just hope if I was in that position someone would help me BROTHER TAG MIND YA OWN FUCKIN BUSINESS I ain't do my homework What a Time To Be Alive Plastic Bag is my favorite song DRAKE FUCK ME UP!! DO IT JUST FIGHT ME BITCH Me and my friends got no money to spend OVO Halloween Gang Plastic BagGoodShit Diamonds Dancing is so good imwet WHAT A TIME TO BE ALIVE I could listen to drake talk for hours... Days... Damn fuck me up drake Try me bitch Little kids on vine are my favourite viners WhatISTHIS Shutupshutupshutuprrjjffjf SHUT UPTNR Me: I can't wait for fall weather Me: remembers I live in hell Me: well shoot! :~) My past behind me like a pony tail Me on snapchat WHATAHSJDND Incredibly apathetic OMg Um hello I texted you 3 minutes ago where is my answer are you dead? I know I took an hour to reply but pay attention? Hello?? ANYWAYS lemme keep minding my own fuckin business lmao Big dick don't matter tho a vagina can only take like 4 inches deep the rest of his dick gon be out in the cold it's gonna need a scarf :~( I don't usually tweet in the morning but I feel the need to let everyone know I filled my left jacket pocket with korn pops to eat :~) The snapchat update just makin y'all into 2007 memes my eyes burn Me: minding my own business You wanna know some real words? Here's 5. Mind ya own damn business. anywAYS Body slam me straight into hell!! I just wanna hold eye contact with drake at some point Everything is so fragile and one minute you're alive and the next you may not be just value every second you have please thank you Three students at my school were hit by a car one died one is in critical condition and one has minor injuries please just. Pray for them. This is me I just want to play with cute puppies for hours On a scale of 1 to Donald Trump supporter how much do hate yourself Ugh and just like that. I no longer exist. When your mom and dad are brother and sister Go back to jacking off onto mine craft toys I'm talkin real life here dumbass I wish some bitch would defend trump in my face she gon have the freedom of speech while my fist got the freedom of movement against her jaw Idk how that person had the heart to not slap this bitch so hard her teeth fall on the floor n eyes fall out her ass Everyone fucks with Pumas all the sudden but when my ugly ass wore the ones my abuela got me in 4th grade YALL was ready to roast?? Fake Everytime you reach out I'm here for ya dumbass but the second I reach out you pull away? Naw, how bout fuck ya life. :~) Mz.Independent Thatz Why I Luvv Her &lt;3 Fuckonedirectionbetternotbreakup LMAoO DRAKE's MINE VERSES WILL NEVER DIE GotMeSoFuckddUp . happy birthday my beautiful soggy toaster strudel son :~) &lt;- this is me smiling in agony Ugly mess FUCK everything and everyone is so fucked it's disgusting fuck:~/ Mourn the lives lost don't use this day to be ignorant Kiss Me Thru The Phone Minding my own business is the best thing I've done for myself in a long time Friend: look a cat Me: hello cat I wish you were a dog Me: makes good tweet Big acc: steals tweet Me in Taylor swift voice: see you in court :~) Man I'm about to be angry for no reason I can literally feel it lol in like 20 min someone gon get me heated WOw that was annoying wow lol My drake stickers and dog socks came in imsofuckinghappyaboutit These pictures of drake with dogs are important You just don't care anymore ILOVEDOGSSOMUCHITHINKIMGONNACRY Taj Bratton just perfectly described my existence Advice With Enya Sometimes you gotta just watch from afar so you can witness people be real stupid THISIS SO CUTE IM SO MAD I just be cryin sometimes like someone might be like haha you have eyes n I get sad mmHOMYGOD I love him so fucking much what an idiot Me: speed walks away A great birthday message for a friend Iwishiwasadog Fuck I hate who I used to be so fuckin much I will never be able to escape what a repulsively stupid bitch I was dawg :~| dude in the store was tryin to talk shit bout his girl she was like fuck yo broke ass walked out came back in n said 2 min lastin ass For a second I thought about making a musical.ly then I realized I don't hate myself that much yet Bummin ass bitch Someonegivemeattentionpleaseloveme The ultimate way 2 get out of something !1!1!1! (Vine by . nut all up in this pussy THIS IS SO IMPORTANT Mynipplesaresohardimsowetfuckdrake AND NOW THATS ITS OVER ILL NEVER BE SOBER I want drake to tuck me in at night Bitch you fuckin ugly for this fuck you fuck ya life stop avocado kink shaming people you fucking scum Ok I'm done I'm glad I could change you all and change the word with my inspiration I hate that bitch so much she be like listen up people, you gotta blink ok? You just got to. Please do it. Not for me but for you. I got angry and I took off my shirt and I never want to put it back on cuz NOW IM MAD lol I been holdin in my anger for weeks now cuz I'm tryin to be nice but it was a bad idea cuz now im heated and someone bout to get it all DOGS R THE BEST I RLLY LOVE DOGS A LOT idontfuckinknow I miss you Hey Hotline Bling is the best thing to happen to me in 2K15 OhFuCk Damn I'm good I'd just be better if I always had someone to hug and hold me on command lmao I need a hug like a long ass hug Me: sees someone dancing bad Me: . So you think it's funny to make fun of white culture? . Play date - Melanie Martinez / Angel, Tell Your Friends, and As Your Are - The Weeknd / Say It - Tory Lanez I just need a boy to talk to me like this I'm just tryin to find happiness My nipples hard f , , p f mmOhmYGod I wanna talk to you but I won't I'll just chill I'm chill TextMeBackIWantToFuckIMeanFightYou BitchYouBetterStopBeforeICry Why ppl stress over my problems more than me? Steady want me to tell my problems like u gon solve em. Sit ya bootleg Handy Mandy ass down. I didn't steal it from anyone's tree WATCHING MY OLD VINES When you thought your period was over then it hit you with round 2 I'm mad at how tired I am. Dumb bitch gon step on everyone fuckin culture with the mothafuckin cowboy fuckin boots bitch disgusting Miley appropriated black culture used other cultures as props and said Donald trump has her vote bitch don't tell me chill Kanye for president his slogan gonna be I still don't get award shows but I DO get how to run a country BRO He said bro more times than I seen my mama in 9 years Mtv: Kanye here's this award show Kanye: FUCK YA LIFE BRo Kanye is shitting on mtv on mtv lmaoo Kanye trying to apologize but at the same time prove a point and show that he's not an asshole he just sayin what no one else wants to say Kanye got the I'll wait teacher look on his face rn Kim is so happy her nipples are hard This bitch threw her guitar and killed someone then she went acappella and killed a few more people Kim: Kanye look at this dumb bitch Kanye: I know I know. Justin: crying because he know he been fuckin up n this is his come back Miley: tries to be funny Everyone: OSMDJDJD HES CRYING I WANNA HUG HIM Justin Bieber Has Resurrected Look Out World Here He Comes With A Big Cock And A Big Heart Ready To Sing For Us Once Again There should have been trigger warnings cuz I forgot Iggy existed n now imah be scarred w the knowledge that she still a person Someone hit me up when Iggy illiterate ass is off stage cuz my TV is off rn This is how that went down to me Nicki: thank you to my pastor Nicki: SO BITCH YOU WAS TALKIN MAD SHIT WHAT UP W THAT NICKI SAID catcH THESE HANDS YOU WACK BITCH Uptown Funk is the most scarring song of 2015 or 2014 idk when that shit came out I wish it never did Miley: Justin the weeknd and a$ap! All them: I hope nicki snatches out her fake ass dreads Nicki and Taylor together confused me but macklemore's performance is MAKING IT WORSE Me: Justin your hair. It's a mess Justin: what do you mean? :~( CHILDISH GAMBINO I thought Macklemore died When I see walk the moon live imah have to staple my nipples to my chest so they don't run away Catfish is so weird to me cuz it's 2015 how you gon let someone trick you like that ho #WorthItVMA RT if you breathe Go look at Triplethesix snapchat to see my concert Oh don't mind me just scratching my titty Always got a special place in my heart :~) These socks are the best purchase I've ever made Stop actin like you was so fuckin woke when you were young just cuz you don't got online proof of idiocy don't mean ur above it Me: looks around with stank face on #WorthItVMA :~) The only problem with my style is when it's time to go to a nice dinner I end up in sneakers ripped jeans n a tee lmao :~)socute I washed my hair and idk if it faded because I refuse to look in a mirror I want to sleep A L L D A Y I feel like a tired puppy This is the smartest he's ever sounded . happy birthday bitch you gettin old :~) I'm an eggroll We are not the same I am too reckless Hearing an official version of colors is nice when they hot but they turn out to be super fuckin dumb Roman Holiday is my fav from Badlands :~) :~)THIS JUST MADE ME CRY ON YOUNOW It's funny to look back at shit you stressed n cried over n now you good n it's like shit. What a waste of time. I coulda ate a cookie. Bad times don't last forever and neither do good times everything fades friends even family and your problems will come and go Everything fades Singles are like snack size versions of Albums I don't want a snack size bitch give me a king size Friday August 28th boutta be a great day for music lovers Badlands tomorrow! I'm wet! Instead of a video I'm doing a younow my camera is still in storage and I don't wanna rush I'm not sorry about this hahaha Walking into the counsellors office to complain about your fucked up schedule This why you can't leave ya phone no where when you got siblings Bummy ass ho I'm legit terrified of trump winning cuz not only does he want to rid of my family but me/other American born Latinxs of immigrant parents When it seems like life is getting good then it all fucks up quickly shawty kinda dum #StopAddingMeToGroupChatsWithoutAskingMyPermission2k15 I fuck up a lot Hey hey hey papi Remember Money is nice but I don't want to take it from my friends I tossed it to my pillow and put too much into the throw and it just smacked face first into the wall I just accidentally threw my phone at the wall and I stared at it for 10 minutes in fear before I picked it up. It survived. I'm so fucked BACK TO SCHOOL VLOG/STORY RANT I'm so dumb why I in school I no learn I just sit I dumb It's ok to say you've got a weak spot Is this how homophobic people think Stop mentioning serena and drake to me I am deaf and blind I'm posting tomorrow because I am doing first day of school vlog ! Ughh and then Thursday 0 $cH00L $T0p GiViN M3 Th3$3 N3G#TiV3 viB3$ bR0 i D0n't N33D R N3g#TiV3 ViB3$ I know your mom doesn't love you but shit tf bitch love yourself the best hate anon of 2015 Why do I relate to every song on My World 2.0 and why do I remember every lyric omgkffjfj lmao Stop telling girls how they should look dress and act and using the excuse ladylike as a reason how I act dress and look is my decision I'm so tired how am I supposed to be going back to school I feel dead I am not charged up Jajaja It's always the boys who ya friends call ugly that are the keepers I kid you not they're 10/10 I want a boyfriend but boys are so fuckin stupid like they are so fuckin dumb I can't deal with that I'm not a tutor I have 0 patience This is how I feel rn Today was so cute love YALL But yo I got sweet letters and someone brought me a fuckin strawberry lemonade ! I could cry how cute I'm gonna start doing these things at the park and I'm sorry I was late and got kicked out I just really wanted a quick hi to you guys ily Me: gets to mall Mall cop: not so fast BUDDY I kendornegnfkgkg Me: hi where's the food court?? Worker: blank stare Me; graciasmuchosgracias Ok but why this mall so big where do I go Me listening and watching the drag me down video Niall held his dick through the whole fuckin video I'm deceased THE DRAG ME DOWN VIDEO FUCK ME UP anyone who calls me out for saying like every other word is not only a misogynist but pressed that im like smart as fuck rt if ur barely tolerable remember to drink a fucking shit ton of water every miserable day of ur life someone has to say it. bukake is TECHNICALLY a baby shower if ur gonna try to steal someones personality at least do them a favor and take their emotional burdens too ur mom is named mommy mom is named mom dude dont freak out but i think we might be related! candles r how we keep fires as pets me as a kid: i cant wait until im an adult i can stay up all night! me as an adult crawling into bed at 5pm: dear god finally shes a my silliness is never performative im always authentic silly pda makes me so uncomfortable but like only when its other people *is the heathen of the family* the barrier between my mentally ill brain and the actions i perform car boys r the gender equivalent to horse girls if 2 people have mono does that make it duo person: how ru feeling? me: oh im not the fact that im legally an adult is hysterical wild tht my boobs look big bored? try depersonalization! r ur hands attached to ur body? who IS that person in the mirror? u will never know! i only have 3 moods crying, nothing, kinda alright why do u still sleep hugging a pillow? because im lonely bitch get out what bible verse is this *thinks back to 5 years ago to a random conversation* i was definitely right 80s: pronounced eighties 90s: pronounced nineties 00s: pronounced ooze why to straight white people always look like randomized sims someone tell me why im technically an adult but i STILL fall in love with everyone i meet we need a nintendogs app i am sick of living like this my friends and i talking shit abt people who hurt our feelings Barbie Dream Morgue im surprised no one has ever punched me in the face calling someone bro is gender neutral who took this picture of me drinking water why would i watch something in 144p when i could just ask someone to shit in my eyes raise ur hand if u have been personally victimized by ur own gastrointestinal tract *gets in an uber* hi yeah i know i said i wanted to go somewhere but im actually just going through a hard time rn ur uber is here i have seasonal depression i am depressed in every season death: any last words? me: ur late if u think im ugly now.then u would bc correct! 7:00 am: *wakes up* 7:01 am: *complains about something* 7:02 am: *goes back to sleep for 13 hrs* some of u have never had a customer service job and it shows day 10: they still dont suspect a thing im so sry for being a customer i want to leave u alone but sometimes i have to buy things or eat pls understand i u crying session at my house tonight at 8 pull up 30 day free trial of being ok i wanna talk about it but i really dont wanna talk about it dont worry i can take care of myself wakey wakey eggs and uhh responsibilities nothing is real except my debilitating fear of not being liked by anyone *doing a tarot card reading* uh oh this guy has a sword better watch out for that adulthood is wanting to cry for 4 days straight but not having the time cannibalism i dont need a man but where is he *realizes I exist outside of my own perceptions of myself and that people probably talk about me sometimes* what the fuck things that are fake: gender, time, the government things that are real: the chupacabra im a man of my worm edgar allen poes most famous short story bird tells me to fuck off in my own home babies when u say i got ur nose i am legally required to kiss my homies goodnight me, drinking orange juice right of the container like the cool older brother on a disney channel show i feel like pluto when it stopped being a planet i cant believe im me, of all people my brain interrupting my daydream: this is poorly researched and the narrative is not compelling id pay someone to hold my hand rn catch me gardening topless at 4am telling my baby tomato plant about my bad dream i dont want to be buried or cremated i want to be MULCHED might fuck around and drink some water i hate it when ppl are like on a scale of one to ten fucking bold of you to assume i can count what should my next mistake be men when they realize that pussy doesnt taste like mango juice when u can sense a mood incoming and feel like a farmer standing in a field looking out at the horizon as the storm for my birthday i want my brain cells back going to bed without an alarm set feels good feels organic like an all natural free range sleep baby clearance that isnt under like $15 is an abomination and doesnt have the right to even call itself clearance WHY AM I SO MISERABLE! i mean i know the answer is major depression but thats a boring answer, cant we mix it up a little *googles number i dont recognize calling me instead of actually answering* medusa is trying to turn u 2 stone but u accidentally called her melissa when u first walked in and now ur too em john lennon just minutes before his assassination (1980 colorized) me alone in my room every 5 minutes: am i being myself? is this who i really am? who am i performing for? i just referred to cuticles as finger foreskin i want to die cons of tapeworm -regular parasite stuff that everyone already knows pros of tapeworm -friend inside -never lonely hey its ur uber driver im outside someone pls help me find a sugar daddy dont talk to me until ive had my morning asbestos if i charged ppl for hurting my feelings id be RICH me, coming back to my senses: ireally ate all that bread. the father son and holy spirit im a huge fan of that post-laundry feeling when u have got all of ur A-list clothes back in the game i turned off snap map so no one in my friend group knows i hang out in the sewers making little dresses for rats who hate and bite me u fools r thinking tht shakespeare is about love drama death or humanity when it is actually all about who can say what makeup brands think shade inclusivity is *gets down on one knee* will u... *takes out ring* .smash my face in with a brick honestly sleeping w someone else is the best thing why do u sleep so good when ur sleeping w someone else the only time i am ever opening up to someone is my autopsy when ur parents get mad at u for the traits they have me: i am young my joints: *CRONCH* ladies.u ever catch a glimpse of ur nip and think to urself holy shit why does it look like a thanksgiving dinner plate i cant remember what my personality is supposed to be like i should have written it down on my hand me: time for bed! my body: hot hot hot no cold no HOT bad bad! throw up? no, hungry, NO remember that mistake u i only type in lowercase because i hate capitalism good new idea for a pyramid scheme: falling in love w me what seems to be the problem officer interests: holding hands, hugs, receiving attention, etc all my ladies who impulse buy to feel alive make some noise!! me: i just dont have the energy for this someone: for what? me: *gestures vaguely* *finishes suckin a dick* *crushes it against my forehead like a beer can* chillin but also seconds away from bursting into tears me as a hotel receptionist: *greets guests by playing hotel california but cutting it off right b4 they say california* my nips: *get really hard out of nowhere* me: what is it girls? what do u see? me reluctantly hydrating myself after being told it will clear my skin that bitch is so weak lol im that bitch me after buying things for myself and trying not to feel guilty about it: *through gritted teeth* s-self care i dont get disappointed anymore i just be like aw again? ok lol mark my fucking worms! when someone asks u what do u like to do for fun unexpectedly so u didnt have time to prep ur answers and now ur if god wanted homosexuality to be a sin whyd he make it so fulfilling my audio biography millennial culture is saying uh yeah i sure hope it does whenever passing by a road work ahead sign i dont remember anyone i went to highschool with (its selective memory) person: boys who can pull of facial hair r so hot! me: ...i think ur supposed to use a razor my body is a temple.ancient and crumbling and probably cursed or haunted or something did it hurt when u fell from heaven bc it hurt when i did pray for me.nothings wrong i just want more power life is about eating fruit and loving girls and then you die waking up from a depression nap even more depressed: i did a push up why do i still hate my body alright team, lets bust a nut out there hamburger help me its a metaphor accidentally sending ;) instead of :) and feeling like u have just offered someone ur body astrology is like therapy for broke bitches trying to have fun i thought bdsm stood for buddhism someone: *drives next to me in the other lane at the exact same speed* me: stop dont make it weird i may not be a perfect person but at least i have never yelled at an employee in a store not to brag or anything but my DNA test results came back positive i definitely have DNA. this is how straight men eat bananas i bet most ppl who wear nirvana t-shirts cant even name three noble truths of buddhism not now son, daddy is trying to take a selfie squad is over we r cults now person: all girls r so beautiful me: yes i agree me: *remembers tht i too am a girl* me: with 1 unfortunate exception i am in that awkward moment between birth and death me after doing some impulsive shit that i know im gonna regret later: its called being spontaneous u boners ppl who still have their exes nudes saved are very weird most of u think its april but its actually the 107th of january ur born naked and the rest is depression *gives someone so much space tht i never speak to them again* abs r cancelled we r all about soft tummies now unstoppable force (my thirst for an education) vs immovable object (my excutive dysfunction preventing me from actually doing any work) one giant leap for mankind! another exhausting day of doing the bare minimum most of my relationships have just been me letting loneliness lower my standards putting ur phone face down on the table at family events is gay culture i identify as an inconvenience to the world wouldnt it be nice if physical beauty wasnt the primary determinant of female worth? like idk i think it would just be fun my aura is heart shaped call me boring and vanilla but i lov romantic relationships built on friendships here i am a big stupid clown my room also known as stupid idiot jail person: why dont u communicate with ur family? me: why does it feel like im in a race with every 18-25 yr old on earth and im losing missing ppl who treated me badly is the only thing im good at my body is a hotel for anxiety me to my alarm in the morning: i was literally sleeping but go off I guess my personality issues can be directly traced back to the fact that i couldnt do the monkey bars as a child one stop shopping person: so what r ur plans for the weekend? me: i dont know me: (i know) me: (im not leaving the house) adult life might be full of pain and suffering but at least we dont have to do PE anymore if anyone wants me ill be in the dirt thinking abt worms no i dont take constructive criticism i only take cash or credit when u keep fucking a guy even tho u dont like him the opposite of depression nap is depression awakeness refreshing the same three websites over and over there is no wow it sure is fun being overwhelmed literally all the time u kno when ur hair is greasy and it makes u feel so so so bad about urself and ur entire life everything is awful bc my hair is greasy cave dwellers make do ur a coward if ur not on the way to my house right now to give me a kiss *zeus voice* i love all my children equally! ares, athena, and uh *looks at smudged writing on hand* hepatitis u ever feel so much love in ur heart for one person u feel like u could just explode bc that is where i am at rn *clears throat, taps mic* what about me is so fundamentally unlovable its fun to stay at the YMCA hello its me bjzo the scandinavian clown HJNK if ur from maryland pls dm me i need friends not to be edgy but i unironically enjoy some things small town gays r braver than any US marine im not gonna say it again Im Full of Love And Im Very Affectionate And I Need To Love person: what brand if insect repellent should i get? me: i think generic is fine but go OFF i guess. finally someone set fire to that fucking clown we are cheetah sisters first and humans second take off ur shoes before u enter my twitter page some of u arent even introverted ur just weird physically im here but mentally im out in the jungle naked with my fists full of wild geckos enough tedtalk it is time to tedlisten... the thot thiccens... if something wrong i go to sleep so goodbye will u be the yee to my haw the bad thing abt being the funny friend is making a joke and everyone goes do it again so they can film it for s whole foods employee catches me stealing valuable artichoke water and tries to apprehend me but i quickly jump thru Stupidest Most Dumbest Fucking Bitch Alive (self diagnosed) friend: so u wanna hang out? me: no i plan to cry later goblin hour is every hour when u are a goblin first dude to invent drums was just like super pissed one day and fucked up punching something and everyone was jus whoever thinks money cant buy happiness can deposit it into my bank account! a gift if womens nipples need to be censored but mens dont can u just censor a womans nipple with a mans nipple? would it be illegal if we started abbreviating classical literature as clit? me after being diagnosed with sleepy bitch disease me seeing anything: Its A Sign anyone else absolutely guzzling the shit out of some wadder? a fucking boddle of wadder? loving and being loved is like feeling the sun from both sides ladies and germs when my brain finally manages to pump out some dopamine i want to be rawed but like romantically bitch we r out here takin our meds and drinking that uh water still havent showered but bitch well get there the goats w big horns that smash their heads togehter theyve got it figured out i thought everything was kinda calm but turns out im just ignoring every single one of my problems anything will ruin ur day if ur sensitive enough straight white men wont eat a girl out but theyll do this.ok Dermatologists Hate Me (and so does everyone else) i miss being in love why is muriel from courage the cowardly dog with that ugly beast he dont even got teeth she need to get with a real man romeo? romeo? wherefore art thou romeo? oh my fucking god he fucking dead oscar winning film shape of water 2018 (colorized) *takes my wedding photos with a Nintendo DSi* its like i always say: fuck it is such a tender n warm feeling when someone wants 2 listen to u talk bc they r actually genuinely interested in u and what u have to say i fucked up 2018 already so 2019 will definitely be my year he has the power of god and anime on his side can i get uhh held me watching any scene where a man throws glass at the wall and it shatters: clean that up right now mr how did the victorians get to sleep without asmr vids am i right fellas like did they hire little page boys to crin no offense but why do ppl think a weird extensive knowledge of films is like...a decent substitute for a personality? i am DONE being sad about the past i have NEW things to be sad about being held? holding someone? fuck me watchng how its made: there some specific ass machines in this world me, logically: that will never happen the tiny hopeful goblin in my brain: but what if it does me after every conversation: oh shit they will never wanna talk to me again *gets hit by a car* sorry i dont feel like a person with mental illness i feel more like a living breathing mental illness in the shape of a person there is a special place in hell for people who ignore friendly street cats who walk up to them therapist: so how do u feel about ur body? me: idk i just work here does anyone else here think fuck i started talking about myself again im so conceited while having a normal conversation with someone the sexiest thing about me? everything hurts my feelings so i have some opinions about sand why would u eat healthy?? to live longer ?? all im hearing are two negatives sorry guys, my ride is here lets be honest with ourselves for a moment: who doesnt love a good fruit from time to time if u wear cowboy clothes are u ranch dressing me at the monster tht lives under my bed: its a lot warmer under the covers if u wanna come cuddle ;) why is being alive so expensive im not even having a good time me: *becomes a plastic surgeon* *Plays the create-a-mii theme in my clinic nonstop* it doesnt matter what generation ur from we r all stupid im so glad the earth only has one moon bc if there were more id have to pick a favorite and that sounds too emotion ppl without glasses are really out here seeing for free life, but everytime u complain it gets faster IS NO ONE EVER GONNA MENTION HOW HARD IT IS TO MAKE DIRECT EYE CONTACT? DO U STARE IN THE LEFT EYE OR THE RIGHT IDK the fact we have stricter rules about girls showing up to school with spaghetti straps than we do about controlling this is my goldfish his name is wet little bitch glub glub he whispered me as soon as im feeling any type of depression creeping upon myself: i need to buysomething... i hate everything about myself but did u see my outfit eye contact is so intimate im saving it for marriage ur skin isnt glowing bitch ur just oily when a southern person betrays u: betrayall ik we r all tired of the man proudly holding fish he caught genre of profile picture on dating sites but i think *uses my thumbs to lift my bra straps like an old timey political man would with his suspenders* hello i am the new mayor of titty city does anyone remember when lol meant laughing out loud instead of this is to indicate that this brief text isnt hostile 2 be completely honest, i cant handle anything *goes from depressed to overwhelmingly anxious to affectionate to angry to suicidal to neutral in a grand total of me, making a phone call: god i hope they dont answer *refuses to look at texts* i love conversation and communication its rly weird to me that there r some ppl who are like 0% gay not even a little gay i dont trust them at all *rides off into the sunset on ur dad* me when i have to make an important phone call man if i had a sword i wouldnt be worried about shit make 2018 2012 again (we were all supposed to die that year) what if instead of writing a cover letter u just attached an mp3 of abbas take a chance on me me reassuring myself: its really ok you dumb bitch my bones: *cracking* me: oh crunchy Local Dumbass Knew What They Were Getting Themselves Into and Did It Anyways my neck, my back they hurt, they are sore i love it when ppl tell me about me bc i have no idea who i am having the same taste in music as someone else is like a soul connection this is what white people believe the egyptians looked like dinosaurs were so cool because they didnt know how to think so they just did raw shit why r girls so beautiful? im not complaining just impressed once i learn how to spell without autocorrect u bitches r over these life hacks have gone too far this is a love only zone go home doctor: so what ru using for birth control? me: just uh who i am as a person girl scout: hi how are you me: THIN MINT when i get my paycheck and its $5 more than usual therapist: so what are some of ur interests me: if i switched bodies with someone theyd probably ask why everything hurts and i would just be like thts how she works! men calling you ugly but women calling you hot is the ultimate power move whoever invented smoothies is literally a god to me like thanks bitch for enabling me to drink like 20 bananas this is what i live for im globally recognized as the worst human being alive mariah walking into her dressing room things inside me: blood lungs a spine mini reeses cup x43 strawberry season is coming boys who r average height r so suspicious to me...always so medium.probably hiding something and short boys r alwa i rly hate that bugs dont take fall damage like how do i knock a spider off the ceiling and that shit hit the ground and start running god making snails: alright now i need a little slimy man god making slugs: ok haha one more but this time naked teacher: if u didnt understand the material why didnt u come ask for help? me: idk about u but im trapped in a brain that hates me and im exhausted lollipops are so weird like ur literally swallowing ur own flavored saliva we r all pissed at our parents generation for fucking up the economy but the next generation is gonna be pissed at becoming older than 8 years old was the biggest mistake of my life ur not u when ur hungry realizing ur home life is dysfunctional is just a part of growing up who else feels like uh uh uh uh uhh friend: wow i wish someone loved me me about to tell my friend that i love them: oh u havent heard? i cant wait to be a piece of shit w/ a bachelors degree animals just sit in the woods and scream I WANT TO FUCK!! and thats just their culture *eats three spinach leaves* i can feel my cells multiplying my blood is cleaner and my skinless dry. i am well. i am nourished. *recharges my energy through the valentines day aisle in the store* god released me into the wild n now he is hunting me for sport! sand is just heterosexual glitter u like krabby patties dont u squidward my ride is here why is my only coping mechanism doing my makeup... like oh hey i want to die? u know what will fix that? glittery eyelids there is something so satisfying about grabbing a pan and just flipping the contents around like a wild ratatouille my boss: *giving me important instructions* u got that? me: yes me (in my mind): u make a loop de loop and pull, rly 2017 didnt even feel like a year it was just the 2016 Deluxe Expansion Pack get in i had surgery today and as soon as i was awake from the anesthesia i told all the nurses they could come home with crying in science is just like normal crying but you gotta do it at least 3 times in order to perform statistics me to my cricket bf: do u still love me cricket bf: *cricket noises* me: is that a yes in cricket language or is it awkward silence u cant just BEAT ur meat anymore .learn to love urself.TREAT that meat! spicy food is just bdsm for ur mouth brain: u wanna be sad for no reason? me: ...no brain: did i hear a yes? can i get a yes? the main difference between me and cats is that when they sleeps all day and do nothing productive they dont feel c im listening WE INTERRUPT THIS PROGRAM TO DELIVER AN IMPORTANT MESSAGE i love u its ok when i make jokes about my own mental illness to cope but if someone else does they r evil! theres no shame in admitting that none of us have any concept of how big a whale is i need to like lint roll myself on a physical and emotional level me procrastinating: i hope somebody kills me before this is due god i wish i was this overdramatic wow... she has such a way with worms all clothes r unisex if u stop giving a shit baby boomers trying to use a computer person: if u breathe ur gay me: *hyperventilates* the only math im good at is figuring out which days to wash my hair so it can line up with my plans when ur working and a customer says something rude to u but ur not allowed to say anything back but thanks have a me, the person with memory problems perfectly aware i have issues with memory: i dont need to write this down ill remember it me caring about anything is a publicity stunt what i say: im fine what i mean: im too embarrassed to ask for water from ur mom bc this is the first time ive bee fergie taught me how to spell glamris wendys: hello may i take ur order me: .maybe me after two glasses of wine: WHOM wants to see me NAKED bc i sure DONT im such a fast walker i get pissed as hell when ppl walk less than 20 mph dont even try to tell me that evolution isnt real dont u just love how mental disorders are basically buy one get seven free depression after years of having it isnt even sadness anymore its just being exhausted and being allowed 1 emotion seasonal depression is just my normal depression only im cold me pretending i dont notice that my life is falling apart sitting on furniture that's meant to be sat on: eh ok sitting on grass: good sitting on the floor: very good sitti sometimes u should accept an apology and sometimes u gotta say rot bitch therapist: u have to say something positive about yourself me: my bellybutton is an innie 2018 is already shitty 2019 will be my year! all dogs r good but the ones who have bandanas around their necks are EXTRA good employer: what would u say ur biggest weakness is me: probably just like who i am as a person is this how u summon satan NO! i dont do drugs the only line im interested in is the line to get into heaven how do i lower my real life resolution? i want other people to observe me in 144p *eats 12 packs of scooby doo fruit snacks* im gonna solve mysteries so fucking good me: *is a fucking wreck* also me: *tries to give ppl life advice* me waking up whos a good boy i wish i was rich so i didnt have to actually develop a personality 2018 is the year of the dog so i am out here gently begging 2018 to pls, pls be a good dog could a depressed person do this? *sleeps well into the afternoon despite not being tired* boy: ru the big spoon or little spoon me: im a knife what is sexier n more fulfilling than being understood? absolutely nothing pls dm me if u wanna give me money thank u its TMI tuesday (tuck me in tuesday) ur allowed to find ppl unattractive but dont tell them that bc it does absolutely nothing for anyone except make th my favorite hobby is openly lusting for kitchenware and home goods that i will never be able to afford i could rly go for a nice hot cup of SLEEP right now ppl who consistently buy the newest iphones the day they come out emanate a very unsettling energy capitalism has be the biggest disappointment in ur own life so that nothing disappoints u anymore i love just being alone... doing a facemask... dealing with emotional trauma alone... LOVE IT seeing vigorous joggers at 6 AM: okay we get it *looks in the mirror* tbh: i see u around school sometimes but we dont rly talk, rate: 8.9. *sprays single solitary spider with an entire can of bugspray* tell ur friends y do boys spit on the ground so much why must they poison our earth i dont want to move out of my parents house for independence i want to move out so i can get a lizard when u accidentally type me instead of my sorry no homo we r fresh out we should get a new shipment in on monday sorry your password must contain one digit one uppercase letter one special character and four lyrics from Princes i would wholeheartedly trust a dog with a sword to protect me me trying to hold myself together CAN I HAVE EVERYONES ATTENTION PLEASE thank u i just wanted some attention my heart! she longs for something!what does this chest monster want! me: *buying more makeup* i live for temporary material satisfaction also when will i die carbs and lesbianism thats what its all about baby new fashion trend for 2018: cowboy from the waist up goth from the waist down god making people laugh gets me so wet having no friends is very frustrating bc i have so many cute outfits and the only person who gets to see them is my therapist me: i love this person so much they r such an important part of my life i wouldnt be the same without them...how c the only L i want u guys to have this year is Love the army ive assembled is almost ready nun: amen man: not all amen u ever lay in a position so uncomfortable tht u can actually feel it damaging your body but ur just 2 lazy to move who hangs out with their dad on nye what a loser my new years resolution is to gain 15 pounds (i dont actually want to this is reverse psychology it better not happen) american psycho should really end after the first seven minutes like right after he describes his skin care routine me: *scripting every single word i will say before making a food order* they say disney world is the happiest place on earth obviously they havent been on or in me! my sign is stop if u have a crippling fear of people getting mad at u and u know it clap ur hands me: im feeling...impulsive literally everyone in my life: i hear u and i sympathize but whatever ur thinking abo ideal body type for myself: corpse u think when earthquakes happen the coffins that r underground turn into maracas eating disorders are not fun being skinny is not worth it my whole ass body is shutting down well well well if it isnt the feelings ive been trying to avoid i took my ancestry test and found out im a fucking bitch the earth is flat but my ass is flatter i hope all those crazy quirky im not like other girls bitches stay in 2017 sometimes bitch u jus gotta wipe those tears from your face let out an unsettling hysterical laugh and fuckin go to sleep The Last Supper oh yeah ur a fan of my twitter? name all the mental breakdown tweets ive had physically my body is here but mentally im in the astral plane beating myself up in the target parking garage who wanna kiss under the missile toe sex is intimate and sacred ur body is a temple and u shouldnt share it w anyone who doesnt like baby animals when i die i want u all to come to my grave and put stickers on it me holding out my neck to the vampires: come get yall juice catch me at the skate park no skate board both titties out boy: why ru so hot me: uh global warming two worms in love are soilmates i cant wait to stay up until midnight on new years eve so i can watch 2017 die this is such a bad product u may have temporary control over ur child but ur just going to make it stronger whats w why ru so shy well first off i met u 12 minutes ago bitch if ur not in love w me by 00:00:00 jan 1 2018 then just block me i dont need that kind of bad energy following me into the new year u kno whats rly hot? not having to guess someones feelings or intentions person: ru nervous? me: yes person: so is this ur first time? me: no this isnt my first time being nervous its a country girl thing.u wouldnt get it sometimes i think i look ugly but then i take a picture of myself and i realize i do look ugly *plays hard to get by staying at home and having no contact with anyone* I ONLY GOT 2 MOODS pro lifer: would u have wanted to be aborted me: yes low rise pants are so unflattering im so glad i live in a high rise pant dominant fashion moment wow u look so different today yea my titties r out all i ever think about is skincare and getting rawed heart shaped things are automatically prettier i love youtubes beauty community describing my mental state is weird bc for the most part im ok but then i get random spikes of wanting to put mysel i found my soulmateits me before we lose net neutrality 4 real does anyone want to confess their love for me i hate how straight ppl call being gay an alternative lifestyle like? first of all u heteros have no life or style to begin with once i find a good antidepressant/mood stabilizer combo u bitches r over they r both still good boys u think ur crush is laying in bed thinking about you but in reality they r reading about swords on wikipedia paris was named after paris hilton idc what anyone says me: here is my plan for new years-- my brain: me: wow i sure am hungry but idk what to eat brain: just fuckin eat nothing me: understandable have a good day a real picture capturing the soul leaving the human body do u ever bring ur pet up to a mirror and ur like hey thts u! yes im ugly but its an artistic choice i love when ur lying on ur side and a little tear rolls out for no reason its so cinematic and on brand isnt rick and morty that thing you get when you die and your body gets all stiff alright gang lets split up daphne velma and i will look for old man jenkins while scooby and shaggy look for the flayed corpse of god me: i need more friends me when having to talk to someone new: oh my god this is so stressful why am i doing this do i rly have to do this its just me and my body dysmorphia against the world i love pics of chickens running fast like where do they have 2 go in such a hurry they dont even have jobs *eats snack while looking for a better snack* u ever zone out but ur aware that ur zoned out but ur too lazy to zone back in google search: how to say I Would Do Anything For You but make it sound casual anyways time is fake and nothing is real im just living my life from one halloween to the next 2018 is for wholesome hearted bitches only *releases pack of fathers into home depot* gobe free shower sex is so overrated fuck me in the dishwasher personally i love making my life harder than it needs to be this is so romantic im at a loss for worms we r gods children and he left us all in a hot car gross ugly middle aged man: u should smile more me: holy sh*t IM the demon living in my house i just got arrested for being too ugly a bad emotion: *pokes its head through the mountain of suppression ive buried it under* me, kicking it: BACK stay back! i rly hope 2018 is the year of recovering from the past 5 years in every possible way time to relax and finally have some me time *spends five hours clenching my jaw, chewing my lip, sweating, and shiv all i do is hurt myself and hurt others and hurt hurt hurt got a masters degree in being annoying what a cool guy i truly cannot believe people just talk about sports and theyre being serious yes everyone im GAY Gratefully Accepting Your donations to me via paypal i do not understand how twitter accounts make money when i am just here complaining for free me: *has 9 friends* me: *blows friend off for like the 100th time* me: yall mind if ibe my best self?? man i love laying the FUCK down and sleeping me, talking about myself: 00:03 me, talking about how much i love my boyfriend: 59:57:58 existing is exhausting and i would love to gracefully dissolve into lots of petals so i could be pretty and never h my zodiac sign is constant misery theres a lot of drama going on inside of a lava lamp the government spying on me: this bitch sure likes to cry two worms at dinner worm 1: this tastes like dirt worm 2: it is :) worm 1: :) dont wanna sound like a ho but i really need a hug right now *sees a picture of myself with long hair* no offense but who the fuck is this in this gay and age, my heart goes out to all of my fellow emo cousins today i feel ur pain oh boy if I accidentally died it would be so cool boy: i like to be teased ;) me: uhh got ur nose a concept i can support i have absolutely no interest in anything im just cruising on autopilot rn i love my pretty friends: wow im so ugly me: *a goblin from the depths of my citys sewage system* then what the hell am i, sue ucking kick me down a flight of stairs eat an apple a day because u want 2! never try to please a doctor or anyone else rly wish my brain was into kinky stuff like producing serotonin and dopamine the duality of man bro ur hand looks heavy let me hold it for u does anyone want to be my virtual sugardaddy and buy me things online for literally nothing in return please i cant hang out tomorrow im too busy doing nothing alone sorry u want ur oil changed? boy during sex: plz take control boy: tell me what to do me: never leave me *copies n pastes myself into grave* will i ever have fun without being interrupted by the urge to die 2017 definitely hasnt been as bad as 2016 but also i still have depression murderer: im gonna kill u me: ... murderer: i showed u my knife please answer me please pray for me.nothing is wrong with me i just look like the human embodiment of mayonnaise *standing in my yard at 3am* me: HOW DOES IT FEEL NOW neighbor: what the hell is she doing me: *shaking tree trying to wake up the birds* why is this little girl throwing butterflies into a giant bong the only reason i know how to read a clock is so i can figure out when its time to leave class FUCKING SLOW DOWN my body: pls eat some fruits and vegetables im begging u me: u want bread? i got u some bread me: *asks my mom for something* mom: ur a big girl u can do it me: im not a big girl fergie says big girls dont cry n i cry constantly cant believe america is being run by boss baby i think we should get rid of time zones and just let everyone decide for themselves what time it is then u could say anytime is bedtime i just ate like six rose quartz stones and im still miserable what gives when ur 11 days into no nut november but ur homie is wearing those grey sweatpants i rly dont know how i manage to get thru every dam year but here i am always doing that my head, or as i like to call it, my suffering dome person: *gives me constructive criticism* me: wow i didnt realize u wanted me dead i want everyone to shut up but like mainly myself feeling of the day: worthless this is one of the most headass things ive ever read the sun rly has no business tapping out at the tender hour of 5pm bitch i have depression google search: am i ugly online quiz hey guys quick update on my foot situation: i currently have two even when halloween is over... bats continue to exist... and im vry grateful for that deja uwu to catch a bus u have to think like a bus *winks at u with both eyes* the only true softboys that exist are slugs! i hate this body and i hate my brain and i hate my fucking face and everything about myself when u finally bite off a hangnail thats been driving u crazy need 2 lay in a flower field or a casket for like 10 years (i have no preference) *SLAMS FIST ON TABLE* ouch i rly wish the world was as comfortable and safe as animal crossing u know what? the years rly do start coming and they really dont stop coming girls i do smiley faces with the nose :-) because i want to make sure he is able to sniff sorry ive been *static noises* i feel attacked pussy is evolving can a homie get a kiss on the lips i cant believe that there might be millions of possible alternate universes and i got stuck in one where my fucking brain is broken babies dont come from storks did i need it? no did i buy it? yes am i ever gonna use it? no sneeze on ur knuckles before a fight in order to inflict poison damage romantic gesture: honey i bought us matching swords i know ppl have lives and replying to my messages isnt priority but like it would be nice if ppl made replying to my messages a priority when ur at a friends house for the first time I Died In 2011 And Was Replaced By Someone With Absolutely No Motivation And Complete Emotional Unavailability a conspiracy thread its halloween hating me? in 2017? wow so original ive been doing that since i was born get your own thing did Jesus pay for our sins with cash credit or praypal *wii shop channel music playing as i lay dead on the ground* id like to formally call myself out on being such a needy and emotionally confusing person me: please just let me die already god: *wags finger like an instagram makeup artist* i just got L.A.I.D Launched Into A Depressive spiral im too punk croc for this shit madam might i get some serotonin? *the med cafe waitress in my brain ignores me* ive never gotten over anything thats happened to me in my life ever my ideal career is rotting in the dirt me remembering i have nothing to live for: i should do my makeup not to make things about me but uh lets talk about me me: *is being buried alive* murderer: *out of breath* how ru eating the dirt so quickly hobbies include sharing music as a form of intimacy me: *jaywalking and making direct eye contact w the car driver thats barreling towards me* kill me u coward i dare u there would have been a lot less death in the wild west if they had just built the towns big enough :/ iconic brain: do u have ur wallet? me: *slaps my ass so hard everyone in target can hear it* me: yeah :) im so disconnected from everything and everyone my days all blend in together anyway uhh good morning not only did u nut all in this pussy u also nutted in this heart &lt;3 its so crazy we all have bones like just these big hard rods holding our meat up! its so wild i cant believe it me: *is bitter but is also right* me about to show a genuine emotion to another human being i make 1 friend like every 6 years Have Doctors Gone Too Far 2015: my mental health is bad: The Book 2016: my mental health is bad: The Movie 2017: my mental health is bad: The Sequel On Ice me after realizing i have nothing to look forward to in the future and that will probably never change being in love is weird i just want to hop into my boyfriends lungs and i cant it is frustrating concept: a comedy show with a laugh track but with just one person laughing *doesnt show affection* oh no im making things weird *shows affection* oh no im making things weird *exists* oh no im making things weird a cough is just a crunchy breath im going 100mph (100 mistakes per hour) me doing literally anything at all: dam i would be the cutest wife... me laying in bed eating mashed potatoes at 3am: i am not depressed no more crying we r moving forward ladies and germs *sees myself in the mirror* absolutely not! me: i am not gonna set personal deadlines me to me: shes a huge pushover do whatever u want!! hey guys welcome to my twitter im blowing u a kiss it should arrive in 5-7 business days goth gf this nd goth gf that where were u all when i was getting bullied in middle school! sorry boys im ugly me: *looking at the body god gave me* thanks! i hate it me: *thinks about my boyfriend* my heart: walking was invented by a super cool fish who decided to risk it all being alive... is a lot lets play a fun game called is this paranoid thinking or can i actually trust my instincts if i was a piata i think i would be filled with prozac while u played fetch...i studied the blade me: *w/ a monotone voice* wow that is so wild well first off i feel completely lost so jot that down getting engaged to a jonas brother is literally the definition of compulsory heterosexuality lol i love when i wake up n stretch and my limbs crack it is like im a glow stick any final words before i hit u with this tactical assault hot dog nice dick as always bro person: u can always talk to me im here for u! me: i would like to thank god for not only making me a dumbass but also making me a big ugly fool i wanna watch the world burn when u shiver tht means ur skeleton is about to hatch wiki how with pictures: why is my mental illness ruining all of my relationships rihanna if u read this im free on friday night n would like to hang out pls respond to this n hang out w me on friday night when im free u think just bc i buy books means i actually read them? what a laugh ! ive never read a single thing in my whole life when u die the watchmojo lady narrates the top 10 moments of ur life as they flash before your eyes my fav sex position is actually when i have feelings for someone and they have the same feelings for me too #WorldMentalHealthDay reminder that eating disorders shouldnt be so taboo and if u have one ur feelings and problems are 100% valid scientist 1: lets name this spider long legs bc it has long legs scientist 2 with daddy issues: what about daddy...long legs *blows a kiss into the sewers* for all the big crocodiles fine dining sipping on that i love my boyfriend juice tonight columbus day? cancelled just got diagnosed with SDD stupid dumbass disorder :/ 2017 has been great year for my music taste but not my mental health me: why am i like this also me: u know dam well its not me very sad to hear about donald trump nothing happened to him im just sad to hear about him i may be ugly but at least i have an ugly personality 2 consistency is key! begging wont save u boys who will straight up refuse to have sex with a girl on her period are bitches Dont Mess With A Bitch Who Has Games On Her Phone hello sue this is carol from life alert i need u to stay right where u are and help will arrive soon! not to be controversial or anything but i like it when ppl are nice to me being an angel everyday is hard work the only constant ive had in my life is being a constant disappointment eats a grape and a slice of cheese simultaneously: ratatouille! bdsm stands for Boy am i DuMb aS fuck these gender rolls taste disgusting me: *sees a body of water* brain: throw ur phone!! what did u do today? doesnt matter we will all die eventually everyone: u have to make time for urself! me: *stays up until 1 am every night crying* me time what astrology bullshit can i blame my mood on today why the fuck would u wanna go big when u can go home shes distant! shes incoherent! shes sensitive! she uses escapism as a coping mechanism! she is me! just came to the conclusion that during the solar eclipse we literally just watched the moon bottom for the sun where can i find a friendship like this police man: license n registration me: *hands him a monopoly get out of jail free card* police man: u got lucky this time have a good day imagine thinking hugh hefner was a feminist who actually respected women...cant relate why do babies deserve clear skin and not me they dont even recycle ive never felt more disrespected *echoing through the caves* someone give me attention? i just wanna be one of those old guys that taps on his ipad really hard in public my brain: *slips on a banana peel* when u finally have enough money to open ur own fucking restaurant i think therefor iCarly google search: why cant i think of anything to say besides sorry that sucks when trying to comfort someone now i understand why van gogh cut off his ear and shot himself in the middle of an open field like i get it now ur an adult now u need to choose a career u need to make ur own doctors appointments anyone else here uhh bummed they had 2 sleep alone last night and uh not in some1s arms goth clowns are just mimes if I had to pin point my biggest flaw it would probably be me very mad that my parents didnt baptize me in hotdog water i dumped the mouthwash in the cap n then when i went to put it in my mouth my body was like ur doin a shot and i just drank it maybe if i sigh deep enough ill die i figured out why i look so bad in pictures!! im ugly Its either be urself or pee urself dude ending global warming is rly easy all u have to do is shoot at the sun god i wish i could be this cool n i think to myself. what a wonderful worm no offense but im gonna get better and im taking all of u up with me hello youtube today i will teach u how to get this winged eyeliner look can mother nature pls turn the ac on always remember that even at ur worst u are still better than amy schumer i literally dont talk to anyone unless they talk to me first and that will never change glockamole i cant believe those priests sit in that confessional booth and listen to all the towns gossip. I want that stone age girls make yabba-dabba do country girls make do has become the most chilling set of four words in the english language i am DONE being sad about the past i have NEW things to be sad about anyone else uh fucking terrified of emotional vulnerability? not be annoying or anything but wow i am fucking annoying a much deserved vacation making things worse for myself is my favorite coping method i rly like to get inspired and then not act on it and waste away in my bed i am only alive for everyone elses sake i couldnt care less if i died at any given moment i just cant disappoint ppl even in my grave wtf: wanting true friends mother earth is literally committing suicide right now and ppl still say climate change is fake me as they lower my coffin into the grave: now this is a real vacation! me: wow my mental illness is rly under control! me, remembering i havent eaten, bathed or brushed my teeth in 3 days: ah yes me communicating with the dead: if ur here spell icup out loud how im tryna be im sorry i cant come to the phone right now why? oh cause i hate talking on the phone please dont call me im changing my name to Stupidest Most Dumbest Fucking Bitch Alive person: hey me: hi person: oh that was for someone else me: *for the rest of the day* im not always horny but i kinda am tho i am distancing myself from everyone for no specific reason and i cannot help it dont u love it when u stand up 2 fast n suddenly ur floatin thru space n time to all the like (3?) boys in high school who didnt like me jokes on u i didnt like me either and i still dont! everyday i think to myself god should have taken me instead of vine if u live in maryland pls be my friend im lonely *reads ur palm* this might sound crzy but this line here means u think ppl who read ur palms are really hot. rt if u have ever been horrified by ur own customer service voice me: i hate attention me on my birthday: pumkin spice lattes r not the official fall drink anymore i rly hope the lady that invented chocolate chip cookies got her pussy ate i luv that bitch honestly exchanging grammatically correct emails w adults is the most uncomfortable form of human interaction in existence hello 911 yes i am looking for someone who will love me even on my bad days my mindset is rly changing and i just dont want to be around certain things or ppl anymore *me reading a text i sent yesterday about my feelings*: who hacked my phone she has a framed photo of herself walking through her door i wish my self love was on that level *therapist voice* u are stupid and no one likes u no ones dick is big when u think of how small we are in the universe dog mechanic: im actually called a veterinarian me: please check that there is enough oil in my dogs engine pls dont make fun of me ill die me waiting to see my boyfriend whens twitter gonna give us color coded text i wanna talk shit in pink when u realize u have no friends no positive attributes n tht ur probably going nowhere in life why is this ds stylus so big ppl r rly out here fetishizing female breasts to a point where fools are grossed out when they are used for their original purpose im so tired of my life i want to be a roomba i want knives taped to me and i want to be set loose hey anyone got a nice house or apartment i could buy for like $7.50? *something bad happens to me* me, through gritted teeth: trump! how do people get yelled at without crying i still dont understand i think clowns are more beautiful WITHOUT any makeup is it gay to like a woman? i mean shes half her dad so idk the surgery was a success u are now the human embodiment of sadness me: *pretends to throw a ball* wheres the ball? dog: idk stands for im donkey kong this shit is so ugly i just want some dick lol when someone shows interest in me im so sick of the nsa reading but never liking my statuses hey is there anything to look forward to anything coming up anything to wake up for uhh something to mark on the calendar uh anything at all what ru looking at i hope every transgender or nonbinary person in the world has a nice safe day i wonder who my richest follower is please let me know by sending me $10000 oh man this has been the worst life of my life boy: so what r ur hobbies? me: *holds my own hand* its gonna be ok i need to lay in bed in someones arms for ten hours at least or else ill die me loudly into a microphone: im ugly just incase u were all wondering YES italians can skate i respect bugs for bein the best they can be in spite of their flesh prisons n their ecological significance but they still scare me what i say: i didnt mean to send u the heart emoji sorry what i mean: i sent that heart emoji on purpose because i love u pls reciprocate when my therapist asks me if ive been feeling any happier mankind? more like man mean equality is women having deep pant pockets just like men! if i ever have kids they r gonna blame me for making them ugly idk about u...but im really ready for the next phase of my life to begin aka the part where im stable and secure and not worried about much boy: do u want to come over and watch a movie me: ive seen them all boy: all the movies ever made? me: yea 'do u have previous retail experience its super weird to think this is the norm for me like its just become a big joke to all my friends like ha ha ur sc just realized around this time last year i had an anorexia relapse also just realized it hasn't gotten any better since then uh thats ure* not ur i am a stay at home mom but without the kids me?? using sarcasm as a defense mechanism? what? huh?? no way?? me as a detective walking up to look at a dead body: ok first of all i wish this was me when someone lies to u but u got screenshots i cant believe people just talk about sports and theyre being serious like how boring can u be can i get an employer: why would u be an asset to our company me: i got first place on rainbow road employer: h o l y shit im a goth girl on the inside but on the outside i am a father figure *recieves constructive criticism* *immediately begins digging my own grave* when the only solution to a problem is to call someone ah what a great day to mean nothing to anyone what happened to polly pocket?? is she okay? did she die?? *drowns myself in romanticized idealizations* she was fearless and crazier than him she was his queen and god help anyone who dared to disrespect his queen who else out here trying to ignore the fact that longtime romantic love just might never be a part of your life luv how bein depressed makes it hard to get motivated to shower and how greasy hair makes u feel even more depressed its a vicious cycle anywho.time to sabotage myself its a metaphor anyone else here glad it isnt the early 1900s bc ur family would have had u lobotomized me: *accidentally reveals something personal while joking* person:.ru alright me: oops sharing time is come back next week what do u mean we r not best friends we follow each other psychic: ur gonna die in a car accident soo- me: *sprinting to my car* psychic: dont u want me to finish or... i rly hate when i go out in public and other people are there too? like wtf going braless when ur a thin white girl is nothin revolutionary gotta be here 4 black+brown girls fat girls trans+nb evry1 going braless! if u wear cute underwear just to see ur boy then u 110% deserve to be eaten out when clothes u ordered come in the mail and everything looks good on u so u dont have to return it me while getting tackled by a police dog: aw so whats his name *gets hit w feelings i thought i was over with* i love recycling texas *has no desire to go thru anyones phone* where r my emo friends who will take flattering candids of me at the cemetery mud is just dirt sauce.let that sink in cheers ladies! oh u like scary stories? every 2 minutes a woman is sexually assaulted and 97% of rapists end up walking free but rly i dont know how to love non-obsessively yes i overthink but also i over-love there has been 8 months of 2017 and ive simultaneously felt all and none of it when u like or rt ur own selfie my phone: *incoming call* me: concept: being able to keep friends long term *looking at a pic of myself* oh my god do i just walk around looking like this u can naruto run but u cant naruto hide must be cool to start a relationship n not have 2 explain tht u have multiple mental illnesses and wait for the person to leave bc ur 2 much me at gamestop: soo can you be gay in this game unstoppable force vs immovable object: my need 4 validation vs my fear of coming off as manipulative feeling m unwanted mm with a side of m bad u get the best of both worms i am not antisocial i am selectively social those r 2 different things ok me putting $10 of gas in my car: drink it up u stupid bitch did it hurt when u fell from 7 eleven i think dogs have elevator music playing in their heads at all times i feel vry empty when im not with my boyfriend i think i have set sails for codependency ladies its time for all of us to move to another dimension not 2 sound soft or anything but i think id cry if someone kissed me on the cheek whoever put a hex on me pls stop the original idea for snapchat was to send nudes but now its just me bitterly watching my friends having fun w/o me so thanks for that money would solve literally every single one of my problems like all of them i dont have a single problem tht money would not solve choose ur fighter hey boy do u mind if i like like u real quick that eclipse looked like a hot croissant i have done none of the things i need to do today time to nap whats up guys i wish i had a personality or a reason to live congrats to the happy couple person: ru ok me: :) person: is that a yes me: :-) im forgotten so easily and it hurts whats up youtube today we r gonna do a little unboxing video! *shovel in hand as i enter the graveyard* i am rubbing my plump little hands together and preparing to make a tweet about my indescribable misery everytime a white nationalist is fired an angel gets its wings this twitter account? a cry for help? its more likely than u think! this is the new tattoo choker boy: come over me: i cant boy: i understand me: i love u controversial opinion here but clean water should be fucking free and ppl should not be allowed to make money off of it bc u need it to live what a cool guy with all dude respect *enters my own password* im in!! chivalry is alive and well i am not antisocial mom i have like 3 friends ok imagine this: clear skin with no weird texture or redness who needs ghosts haunt ur own house wander around ur own room screaming and crying all boring dudes will always reply fair enough when u say some weird funny shit tell ur dogs i said hi ok? im thinkin he aint give u butterflies sis its just ur stomach acting up go to the bathroom snort xanax in one nostril and adderall in the other nostril and let jesus christ sort out the rest jellyfish r rly just wet ghosts ur different from other girls anyone here know how i can take a break from the linear flow of time i really like oversized clothing that distorts ur silhouette i love being formless person: how ru me: moderate to severe i am pre-stress stressed like im stressed about the stress that i will be stressed out about for future events strut it susan! anyone else livin inside their own heart n mind 2 much this summer yall already know what time it is what a beautiful day to not be in high school me: i wanna die lol also me: *has to ask my mom if its ok for me to take 2 tylenol when i have a headache* i only accept apologies in cash! dentist: *stabs me* ur bleeding bc u dont floss! cant wait to start community college and a new exciting level of depression! it must be pretty cool to experience casual boredom instead of feeling a sudden soul crushing restless empty void i am a completely different person than what i was a year ago i just hate myself at least 5 times more my skin as smooth as our relationship with north korea its very stressful tht i am incapable of feeling any emotion in moderation u grab my ass and hear a distinct clown nose honk go cry about it i definitely will honestly...growing up w bratz dolls was a gateaway to becoming that bitch with a passion for fashion what yall sad about today person: *hurts me* me: not to be vague but dont do this to me again please me having not left my bed yet: god i cant wait to go to bed thats gross unless ur uhh into that concept: i get so ?? caught up ? in the possibility ?? of being abandoned ??that i ?? actually get ? abandoned ?? when ur 2 depressed 2 masturbate... thats the worlds greatest tragedy person: hey me: person: *runs* me: lol cool sonic reference my depression and anxiety harmonize so well! very lovely!! this twitter account isnt nsfw but like i just wanna hold hands w someone cum on my heart me: *is scared that im wasting my life* me: im gonna deal w these feelings by sleeping for 12 hrs during the middle of the day sry 4 flexing on u always remember the 4 Gs: goth gay girl and gamer *drinks water* just hydrating my flesh prison! i hope i will be able to solve all of my problems once my baby brain falls out & my adult brain grows in nsfw: no sympathy for weebs i may be ugly n stupid but at least im not The Emoji Movie (2017) how do people get yelled at and like not cry i dont understand the gangs all here early 90's music brings me back to good times like when i wasnt alive anyone else a soft bitch tonight raise ur hand if ur tryin real hard but its gettin worse n worse n worse evryday dont fuck w me! i have the power of god and anime on my side s hr k gr wth t intrusive thoughts: *start happening* me: right in front of my salad? heres the thing about me...im ugly its kinda fucked up how a goblet is a cup and not a tiny goblin me: lmao my ass: *still attached* bdsm stands for bad dogs dont exist u ever like someone so much tht u wish u could just hop inside their lungs *pushes tear back into eye* u better fuckin stop do i have to exist me flirting: please dont sleep how disappointing am i on a scale of 10 to 10 clue it is 10 the first step to self destruction is to have fun and just be yourself i could never be the third wheel because i dont even have 2 friends *falls in love w someone who was nice to me in my dream* someone fall in love w me quick before north korea blows all of us up! me , begging on my knees, crying: dear god pls let me enjoy something in moderation brain: OBSESSED OBSESSED OBSESSED OBSESSED OBSESSED im kind of very miserable and it feels permanent but its whatever everyone that i love has someone that they love more i may not be the smartest or prettiest but i am 4 sure the cooliest if u dont romanticize the shit out of the most mundane things u do then ur rly not living tight hugs r so great if it doesnt feel like ur breaking my spine when u hug me then it doesnt count person: u wouldn't be so sad if u went outside more ur just choosing to be depressed! me: person: ru ok? me: i am great me at 1am after biting all of my nails so short that they bleed: time isnt real *wakes up at 5am* i cant wait to go to sleep tonight friend: u should watch this movie me: i definitely will! narrator: She Never Watched It i always look sleep deprived and sick is that hot me bc everyone where i live is disgusting who wants to hangout and compare fork sizes by seeing which one fits the best into an electric socket the best version of me is when i get out of the shower n the mirror is so steamy tht im just a blurry mass of color with no identity luv her i rly love posting things that absolutely nobody asked for the fun thing is my fear of abandonment will always be stronger than the love people provide me giving a chihuahua two kisses: chimuahmuah my brain is always just screaming the word ATTENTION over and over and over again living? haha dont think so more like procrastinating suicide trying to figure out which parts of my personality r mine and which i created for ppl i want to be accepted by me: am i isolating myself? brain: no its the 24 unanswered texts who are wrong me: yeah ur right i have tears stains on my shirt and a lot of bad options abt myself a tragic murder scene...someone just got banished to the shadow realm if ur reading this im pretty me @ me: validity comes from within love urself bitch also me: someone please compliment me or ill die i am the full package clingy and always asleep when someone needs me me after having an unplanned mental breakdown in front of a new friend emotional impermanence is cool bc u can go crying on your way to a place and arrive there smiling like nothing ever happenned i dont actually know anything about anything but at least i am full of love an unstoppable force (my overwhelming need to be loved n accepted) vs an immovable object (my refusal to be vulnerable with anyone) im sad & i want to buy stuff so i can be cured for like 5 minutes vry big mood hi im 100% dependent on constant attention n validation from everyone around me 24/7 so jot that down in ur notebook person i love n care for: i love u so much me: no not true i love u more i always have loved u more i love u to death id DIE for u when u finally find someone u genuinely like some fuckin physical affection pls me: cant wait to have a fun summer me overflowing with symptoms currently feeling suicidal: idk maybe i am over exaggerating is it considered an inside joke if ur inside her when u make the joke cant wait to die in 2007 im tryna jump off a building and not die just relieve stress by slamming on 2 the sidewalk and then get up and go get food or something i am honestly so scared the rest of my life is gonna feel like this i dont feel like me w/o a toxic relationship me learning things about myself: oh wow this is bad i am a BIG FAN of being around people that make me feel genuinely loved and safe but those ppl dont exist! i am rly good at pretending i am tired when in fact i am actually very sad my favorite thing to do is listen to music really loudly while i walk in circles n daydream person: *gives me attention n validation once* me: id die for u i wonder what he does for leg day fear of abandonment is my middle name how do i die without my parents finding out i dont want to get in trouble need something real like this &lt;3 can the ppl around me stop having fun and start respecting my soul sucking depression! dam bitch i really live in this empty vessel of skin and bone? anywho. time to sabotage myself when will this bitch (my skin) realize that we r friends if we r friends there is a 100 % chance tht i am terrified that u secretly hate me when ur friend tells u the secret recipe for growing good crops crzy that i am legally an adult but i am still too scared to order food for myself im ok but like i hope someone runs me over i rly will not tell ppl who r hurting me tht they r hurting me bc im scared of hurting them by telling them they r hurting me its a disaster person: *speaks to me in a slighty louder aggressive tone* me: ok here come the tears name two things better than self isolation and the refusal to face reality bc i cannot hello 911? how do i stop feeling sad n dysfunctional every time i see someone do something better than i do it raise ur hand if ur a boring bitch with no personality talent or passion and will most likely live an uneventful life me: *describes symptom of my mental illness* neurotypical friend: omg same that happens to me i think everyone goes thru that me: no NO just came 2 the startling realization tht i am completely incapable of trusting anyone so tht is cool! good news everyone ive successfully replaced all of my emotions with jokes i only use the snapchat camera to take selfiesthe iphone camera captures the real mea me tht i dont want to know or see 3rd base is adopting a highway together u ever feel like ur heart has been broken not by a specific person but just by bad experiences n dysfunctional relationships bc my heart sad me at myself every day: *tyra voice* LEARN SOMETHING FROM THIS!! rt with ur favorite 16 digits of your credit card number and the 3 on the back:) interested to learn more about u guys! *on the verge of tears* ok not that i care but, i feel like i like everyone more than they like me n i am exhausted me: was it abuse? friends: yes therapist: yes everyone: yes me: but...was it really there is a boot in my boot living my life to its fullest potential? i dont think so hi id like to cancel my mental illness prescription me: *is replaced* me: ha haha :-) im not sad at all its ok as long as ur happy :)) strugglin from the womb 2 the tom me: i want to move rly far away and never talk to anyone again me after not seeing my friends for a week: me after having withdrawals symptoms from a person: nice this what the end of the world feels like we all really do need to use more heart emojis and yes this is a micro aggression honestly i just wanna know when are we as a society going to stop pretending to enjoy the taste of beer me sitting naked waiting for the shower to heat up i am out here checking my phone like i actually mean something to somebody lmao blocking and ignoring ppl is so therapeutic me making myself ask for help: *hands trembling voice shakin* im rly not doing 2 well my sweet dude i think like 98% of my problems would be solved if my body image wasnt so awful therapist: here r some healthy coping mechanisms! me: ik im paying u for this but like can u fcking not gm i regret to inform everyone it is in fact another fucking day i am crying my best yes hello 911 i am stuck in the past im sick of listening to myself think all the time stfu bitch i want some peace n quiet how im tryna be how can i get ripped from anxious leg bouncing person: sunglasses me, a genius: eyeball sunscreen being an ugly girl is tiring nobody ever lets u forget it hey guys did u know tht if you die irl you die in real life jesus balled for our sins certified soft girl friend: i love u me: aw me .2 seconds later: they didnt mean it i want 1 *at work* customer: why do u look so miserable me: what? im just?? tired? me rly: cant believe there r ppl on tinder who ARENT looking for true love i would pay big money to have a nice boy spit in my mouth rn me: sorry person: dont be sorry me: sorry for being sorry cheers! person: goodnight brain: dont leave me dont leave me dont leave me me: ha ha sweet dreams! wow im going to need every1 to stop hurtin my feelings for 1 minute and then do tht again for another minute n continue tht forever is it my tendency to isolate myself or am i just not excited to see u u know what? bc personally i dont me: i like ur shirt boy: thanks me: ah yes friendzoned again *seductively lays across ur lap* *starts crying* person: i rly like u a lot i think ur great brain: u kno what to do me: i feel like im just gonna pass the years on auto pilot continuously forever and die have i mentioned recently how much i hate myself? i feel like i havent been clear enough abt that like im rly the scum of the earth annoying male youtuber: hey everyone its ur boy! me: ur no boy of mine teenage me: dont tell me what to do semi adult me: please tell me what do to brain: ur gonna be sad for no reason me: uh sounds about right i nvr stopped loving u but also i hope u die me everywhere i go: i hope i dont see anyone i know *to the tune of shots* sad! sad! sad! sad! sad! sad! living as a being with a consciousness of its own existence rly fucking blows thanks ikea why do they call it a booby trap i aint seen not ONE titty when i fell thru that trapdoor when u see ur friends puppy for the first time after a few months an xtreme sport: maintaining ur opinion after someone disagrees with it im calling in thicc today ik its unhealthy to live in ur own dream world but likeits so safe bitch y did mood rings ever go out of style ? what are all the tweens using now to decide how they r feeling ?? how am i supposed to get reassurance without asking for reassurance why can ppl read my mind n tell me i am great the first step of my morning routine is psychoanalyzing myself in the shower i stay strapped *sees dog* oh god i hope he thinks im cool we attack the toads at dawn! me: no worries narrator: she had many worries idiots: midnight snack me: the meal in between dinner and breakfast called dark lunch dark hannah montana: show me the worst of both worlds i wna be vulnerable but.yikes idk her people are taking nail art trends too far me when i look good: i am beautiful nd powerful me when i look ugly: beauty is fleeting n meaningless u shallow bitch me attempting to send messages to someone telepathically: realize tht im the love of ur life pls talk to me at this point i dont even feel like a person i am just a disorder with a body go big or go home *goes home* current location: uglyville population: me its impossible to fall in love in this economy acoustic cover of me crying i dont want to see a SINGLE heterosexual thing today the old me was passive aggressive but now im aggressively passive dont mess w me pal i will be right here ill fuckin forgive you i am daydreaming abt boys with nice hands hello would anyone here like to talk abt talent me: i must resist my primal urges an idiot: she must mean sex me: peanut butter destroy the idea that i will ever be happy or content w anything no worries i say as i worry intensely these insecurities arent gonna project themselves! *looks at myself in the mirror* absolutely not! when ur mom takes ur leapfrog tablet and starts looking thru ur pics me: i would die for u person: uve only known me for 5 days me: I Would Die For U i need 2 exfoliate my life chillin in bed titties out head hurts thinkin abt dying alone *drops down on one knee* will u gaslight me the floor is mutual love n respect i hope everybody is having a nice day today even tho we are all doomed boy: im gonna make u come so hard me: uh,to what my senses?!? Honey I Slam Dunked The Kids minor inconvenience: hey :) me: me listening to a thunderstorm: this honestly goes off sry i cant hear u over my internal monologue source(s): just trust me ok pls do not swear on my profile thx! my summer look is naked in bed w the fan on high hello how may i help u me: *looks at pictures of myself* me: *wants to die rly bad* its not u its my horrible choice in men my body is made up of 3% water 97% anxiety its with a heavy heart that i must announce that im just a real sad bitch tonite hey youtube welcome to my forever 21 haul :) dont uwu...forget abt me... damn bitch i live like this You Would Not Believe Your Eyes! Local Fireflies Lit Up World As YOU Fell Asleep! What Happens Next Will Shock You! me listening to other peoples conversations if anyone needs me ill be up here i think we all just need to find someone who doesnt think our nose is ugly me: *is dying from dehydration* doctor: *hooks me up 2 the saline* take a fuckin sip babe i may not have the best body but it sure does hold all my organs in place so thx its hard 2 be the gay cousin the emo cousin nd the family failure but someones gotta do it and that someone is me the end of inception except there is a fidget spinner me while im procrastinating: thats a problem for future me i have to be funny because all of my other traits are negative person: wow u are so different now u have changed so much i miss the old u me: *at a dinner party* *raises glass* id like to make some toast tht depression feel when someone asks what ur hobbies are n u cant respond bc u never have enough interest or energy 2 explore what u like me: *is rly busy doing something important nowhere near home* ups: ur package has been delivered me: oh boy i sure do sound ugly when i speak and laugh and breathe and look ugly when i am awake and sleeping and existing goth phase revamped: everything is the same as when i was 15 except now i have responsibilities self care is waiting until ur parents leave so u can have a Proper Breakdown mustaches r just bangs for ur upper lip boy who i know is gonna completely fuck up my life: hi me: forgiv me lord i am back on my depression bullshit listen bithc i may be ugly but atleast im BROKE things that need to end in 2017: me doctor: how ru me: im ok thx doctor: then why the FUCK ru here s/o to my favorite coping mechanism: isolation blocking all ur family members on social media is real lgbt culture honestly,i dont even interpret uwu as a smiley i just read it as oo woo i dont think ive ever felt more lonely n hopeless in my life who has freckles and is willing to switch faces w me me: i look bad today friend: ha ha no u dont u just look a little tired me: pride month is during peak strawberry season and u think its a coincidence? think again strawberries r gay i love talking about me dont talk to me unless its abt me thx i rly love asdgjfhdkjn and JFKJDHSGKJHDHS culture brain: ur doing it wrong me: but im just sitting down brain: UR doing it WRONG hi im uncomfortable nice to meet u i am so pissed that i have to be me for the rest of my life that is so unfair the 4 horseman of the apocalypse GONE MISSING: my ability to experience pleasure in the things that give me a reason to live me: im totally fine me: oh my god i need to be on meds me: im totally fine:) take a fuckin microsip babes hello mtv welcome to my crib this is my bedroom aka my isolation station where all the magic (crying) happens dark breakfast club: please forget about me *screenshots things for emotional permanence reasons* me looking at pictures of people who will never pay attention to me all my jokes r cries for help if i went to high school with u please never try to talk to me i am not interested idk u nor do i want to know u boys kissing other boys, girls kissing other girls, love it! big summer mood! i gotta have my phone with me 24/7 just in case nobody texts me happy 2 be here! happy 2 be alive! if any of u ever has a crush on me please tell me so i can feel good abt myself i put clear tape over my webcam 2 obscure my visage only slightly nd give a warm glow to my face so maybe a nsa man will fall in love w me me vs u me: im sad barber: say no more person: *is nice to me* me: i love you u r now my entire heart also i blow kisses 2 the moon every night for u i love u? yes i love u who speaks out loud anymore? its 2017 please stop talking. i just need something to rly push me over the edge so i can have a good cry and start a new emotional slate i called u yea i know i watched the phone ring not to be too millennial or anything but i am broke location: my own flesh prison yes physically im here but mentally i am in a renaissance painting wearing a silk dress n looking wistfully into the distance why must the pretty ones (me) suffer how i sleep knowing that every relationship i have is temporary and ill most likely end up dying alone dwayne johnson, paper, scissors shoot! biting my fingernails until they bleed is a very important part of my beauty routine hey guys im still sad and anxious about things that r completely out of my control just wanted to update u i have unlimited texting but i only text like 4 people ever i think my phone company probably looks at my bill and just laughs my stomach: dear god please put nutrition into me i am dying me: uh did someone say oreos imagine being a person without a mental illness what a dream not to vent or anything but what the fuck honestly i wish the boys would break into my house and crack a cold one over my head killing me instantly there r only 2 genders: kill or be killed yea i VAPE Very good At resPecting womEn me looking at pictures of myself: i hate this image but it is not cursed some random gross old man: u would be prettier if u smiled me: i dont even have fun anymore i just experience temporary alleviation in my despair the purge except everything is illegal for 24hrs so we all just go to bed and shut up (pls i need a break) good morning class today we r gonna learn about how to become a good boy you: no homo me, an intellectual: yes homo me as an airplane pilot: *picks up intercom* so do u guys like me? i dont give a yike! person: i genuinely care about u and like u my brain: joke?? this is the perfect opportunity to make a joke can i get a hug me: there is absolutely no reason for me to be anxious rn my brain: That Is Debatable can we all pls agree 2 make tying ur jacket around ur waist fashionably acceptable again i dont wanna carry my jacket anymore when i get hot genuine love n compassion? never heard of it sounds pretty fake when ur trying rly hard to isolate urself but people wont leave u alone full offense i rly dont need anyone at all so dont fuck me over bc i wont hesitate to drop u so fast quick question why do i simultaneously desire and fear pushing ppl away sounds about white person: so how would u describe urself me: am i allowed to phone a friend i dont use my turn signal bc its none of ur fucking business where im going making my way downtown walking...almond.milk *heart starts beating faster* me: what is it?!! tell me what u see i touched mac demarcos bare foot tonight *gets adrenaline rush from talking to stranger* oh boy am i hungry *cancels plans* sorry i cant come i look ugly today if ur into dark under eye circles and deteriorating physical and mental health hmu hi my name is stressed brain: ha ha lets think of something traumatic that u thought u forgot about me: take a fuckin sip babe share a coke with the indescribable, omnipresent feeling of dread and sadness in the pit of ur stomach boy: i want to take off ur clothes so bad me: uhh please fold them neatly there should be a scholarship for trying i rly wish i could get a refund for all the love n time ive wasted on ppl like pls repay my emotional labour ur bill is in the mail! i cant wait to grow from a bitter teenager to a bitter old person BREAKING NEWS: cute dog finally caught me looking back at my life and decisions: um well that um.rly sucks for her im tryna get my third eye pierced tbh i am completely terrified of being like this for the rest of my life i rly hope that dogs cant read those no dogs allowed signs i dont want them to feel sad n left out im so relieved that papa smurf wasnt called daddy smurf that could have been weird im double majoring in respecting women and minecraft *eating probiotic yogurt while on an antibiotic* FIGHT FIGHT FIGHT i ghostwrote this bbq stands for blease be quiet roses r red im going to bed life imitates art is there anyone else here whom loves 2 love others? or is it just me me flirting: so which layer of hell do u think ur going to just me n the girls me: *starts crying* me to myself: oh my god here u go again i am so sick of ur lil crybaby ass *drops chocolate on the floor* me: no dog: yes *kill bill sirens* *gets a match on tinder* me: girls who use scotch tape to do their eyeshadow know how to fight i cant help being petty its just in my...jenes im double majoring at ugly and stupid university me on monday of every week: im having a real bad week guys idk at this point i am completely desensitized towards bursting into tears in front of random people person: so where do u want to live later in life me: uh what city has the highest goth girl per capita ratio wish i had an identical twin :/ choose ur fighter im always looking for new and innovative ways to sabotage my mental health idk whats going on but its a lot *holding back tears* honestly this is fine and i am completely unaffected right now currently as we speak you: turtleneck me an intellectual: uncircumcised sweater sorry u must be at least a level 3 friend to unlock my tragic backstory i always wonder why no one likes me but then i remember that i dont even like me this is the only acceptable form of catcalling what do u mean i dont have a social life i just got back from grocery shopping with my mom *flips dogs ear inside out* so can u hear me better like THIS when ur mom told u to do the dishes 3 hours ago and all of sudden u hear her pull into the driveway what u heard is true i am ugly and depressed u ever look at a girl and just think 2 urself wow she cant real it is so annoying that i have to kill myself to actually dead like what is this self checkout me: *puts forth minimal effort in attempt to solve an issue* me: ive tried everything!! i wonder if dogs think in barks my kink is being left alone me: i feel ok today my brain: the day i dress for a boy is the day they dress me in my coffin to see jesus -_- and :/ are irreplaceable emoticons that emojis will just never be able to touch breakfast is very important pls leave me alone but also pls shower me with attention me thinking about the emotional abuse ive endured: what in manipulation hahahahhahahahahahhahahahaha im so sad did u molest her too? me doing anything: chaotic stupid yea mom im doing my homework there r only two genders: hot and dog omw 2 the function am i alive physically? yes am i alive mentally? debatable me in tears: whatever tho i guess it doesnt matter haha i didnt care anyway haha you: sleep me an intellectual: death practice health is a social construct if i want to eat 6 poptarts i can not all heros wear capes when u see someone u know in public the only purpose of snapchat streaks is to guilt u into continuing to talk to people u dont want to talk to *takes 10 selfies* *deletes 15* maybe i dont want to *on a date* ha ha yea thats nice so tell me more about ur cats sry i can only please 1 person per day today is not ur day and tomorrow isnt looking too good either me: *pretend snoring so people will think im asleep and leave me alone* snnork mimimimimi *petting a dog* me: pls cure my depression dog: bork me: thanks me omw to buy useless shit after my direct deposit hits *checks messages to make sure i still have none* *eats one spinach leaf* i could fight god do raccoons have people hands or do we have raccoon hands me after doing nothing all day: let me rest something old something new something borrowed something blue person: u wouldnt be depressed if u went outside more me :-) i think id function a lot better if i accepted that im unlovable n embraced it likes: the thought of physical n emotional intimacy dislikes: actual physical n emotional intimacy who hurt her *initiates conversation with someone twice a day* why am i so clingy me: why did i fail ur class teacher: u didnt turn anything in at all the whole semester me: but i rt'd the lucky pencil. person: so what kind of exercise do u like to do me: um i pick up my phone unlock it look at the screen for few seconds and lock it again *walks into a psychics shop and slams down my tarot cards* it is time to duel catch me in ur bathroom drinkin out the faucet cuz bc im too antisocial n nervous to ask ur mom where the cups are chucky has been eating more than cheese say orange u glad u didnt say banana again i dare u if i dont romanticize everything i do i think i might die boy: i love thick girls boy 10 seconds later: is that cellulite i see :/ *walks into my own room* dam bitch u live like this? ready 2 head out not to sound bitter or anything but the only present ive ever gotten from a boy was a uti u think IM annoying U?? but do u even understand how exhausting it is for me to never get a break from me me before showering: i dont want to do this me after getting in the shower: i live here now hobbies include: not minding my own business i wonder if animals think we r cute *waits n expects an apology without ever bringing it up* i havent genuinely liked anyone since like 2015 i cant wait to die alone me: hold the fuck up the fuck: *is held up* me, a 90 year old with arthritis: IM WEAK anyone here know any good substitutes for love and personal fulfillment i wont stop until i find this man i need reassurance that my presence is wanted but i cant ask 4 reassurance bc tht is rly ugly and it wouldnt feel genuine if i asked for it sry for ignoring u i was mentally dead (and i still am so im going to continue ignoring u) person: we both said some things we didnt mean me thinkin about how i was right n how i meant absolutely everything i said: .haha yea i automatically assume anyone i dont like is either an aries or a capricorn have u ever noticed that genetically good skin happens to the most undeserving ppl bc i hav person: ru okay? me: okay? i'm never okay always worried bout gettin abandoned i stay cravin that attention and validation boy: *stops talking to me* *3 weeks later* boy: why do u hate me :(( me: me after 1 cup of coffee: i am fast an icon no psychiatrist appointments we ignore mental health issues n die like men! Hit Me With Ur Best Car i am awake and i do not like it i am the most disgusting thing ive ever seen second base is me telling u everything that is wrong with me ghosting ppl is all fun n games until it happens to u in theory falling in love as a coping mechanism is bad but in my mind it sounds very good honestly what the fuck kind of plane needs 21 pilots i think i am too sensitive to be a functional human being in this world name two things better than self isolation and the refusal to face reality where can i find this friendzone i need some friends me: *has a bad idea* me: great idea daddies girl grandpas bitch person: dont u ever think about stuff before u do it me: uhh brain machine broke self care is listening to the same song on repeat for 12 hours me at the dollar store: do u guys carry Chanel products 'so what do u want to study for college proof the loch ness monster is real person: what are 3 things u would describe urself as me: sad lonely and bad at math dont talk to me until ive had my morning mental breakdown honestly i feel mentally unavailable 99% of the time... sry no ones home up here please dnt try again later isnt clitoris that big red dog? i look like i am breaking amish interviewer: so what do u think ur biggest weakness is me: where should i start how many gummy multivitamins do i need to eat to kill myself u cant make me feel guilty i havent felt remorse since 2005 i used to think i was in a bad mood but its been like 3 years now so i guess this is just who i am me: *tries to hide all evidence of my mental illness and constant suffering* also me: why doesnt anyone realize im suffering concept: a lower back tattoo that says bottom text doctor: ur allergic to peanut butter if u eat it u will die me: me @ intimacy i regret ever opening up to anyone *during sex* boy: why ru laughing me: i thought of a good joke the internet is overrated and wrong i had to take a personality test 14 times before getting the result i wanted can u believe the audacity cant believe bucket hats r coming back again... me trying to express my feelings : idk i just feel like uhhidkidk uh nevermind im ok life got me feeling like that torn spot in the inner thighs of pants thats worn down by many years of big friction i am pepper i should probably stop wasting my time trying 2 be some impossible hypothetical version of myself and start enjoying being me but whatever some of my not so hidden talents include romanticising everything oversharing everything and crying (at everything) we r all one race: The Daytona 500 friends r overrated id rather just spend quality time with myself the singular form of pepperoni is pepperone my hearts says yes but my parents say no me: im into some like rly crazy weird stuff boy: like what ;) me: uh hugs @ existing he doesnt think about u carry on with ur work u have things 2do 3 yikes and ur out me: *cuts my finger* dentist: .actually ur bleeding because u dont floss the fbi going thru my messages: this poor dumb bitch gets left on read all the time lmfao anyone else here feeling this: not good me: i wish ppl would ask me how i am doing person: how ru doing me: me: *finishes my wedding vows* don't forget to like and subscribe big mood i love not being able to talk anyone about my feelings or problems ha ha tbh the peak of hyper masculine bro culture will be when guys say no homo after shaking hands bc its 2 much like holding hands w eachother part 2 i just ate a pint of icecream on my lunch break nice 420 joke asshole the police r on the way cute matching avis for u and bae new york pirate: shiver me timberlands can someone tell me how to monetize my depression i should be benefiting off of my suffering at least can someone pls fall in love w me (serious business inquires only) ur ugly js i am not fashionably late i am anxiously early i am ready for catchella me: *drinks a whole cup of water* wow this health routine is intense i rly hope i can keep up me: that is impulsive u shouldnt do that also me: *does that* me about my entire life: wow i am really running behind schedule good morning everyone except for me working hard or hardly working im smiling mental illness but every time someone says but i thought things were getting better for u it gets worse me: should i buy this completely unnecessary thing that i will never use wallet: no brain: no universe: no me: ok im buying it the rumors r true.im ugly n sad tragic... idk why im so scared of clowns like i been dating them my whole life it is so hard for me to be sympathetic towards people like honestly i do not care and i dont feel like acting like i do i wish school taught me this if a rat can hold a cracker it can hold a gun support our troops! people: *laughing 200 ft away from me* me: They Are Laughing At Me concept: me not being scared of being alone when ur talking to someone u like a lot but u feel like ur annoying them i am out here busy confronting hard truths good morning it is a brand new day for everyone to shut up and leave me alone me waiting for a reply when im the one who didnt reply i cant remember what my personality is supposed to be like maybe i should start writing it down on my hand i am on my lunchbreak at work eating cookie dough this is a true depression meal 'so what are ur plans for the future hobbies include: watching my phone ring until i miss the call i am v aware of the fact that i have never once done better than slightly above average like that is my absolute peak and i am ok w that bye bitch dnt let the door hit u on the way out in hell everyone speaks in a slam poetry voice me: yeah im free that day anxiety: ru rly free that day? me: i am not free that day a mood ancestry commercial: i thought i was white but it turns out i am white *slams fist on table* ouch what is wrong with me i ask as i am fully aware of all the mental issues i have crapitalism. a good day starts with a good breakfast *clown honk followed by gunshot* i get embarrassed when i think about embarrassing things that might happen to me me talking about myself: yeah i hate her too can someone fall in love w me already i am bored my favorite gender neutral term is fool yes i game u ever notice how literally every girl is pretty once or twice a day if i am lucky me after overthinking things and creating imaginary problems for me to worry about me everyday: today is rly not my day i honestly do not remember the last time that i wasnt self conscious i was thinking about this today some of u are cool dont come to school tomorrow me: i cant even get a text back also me: never texts anyone back it is so hard being a nice guy :/ remember ladies always pee after sex or u might get a dui i am rated M for miserable it is so crazy to me that jesus hatched from an easter egg 2000 years ago sick when u and ur wife get a divorce but she tells u that u can still be first cousins person: so ru ticklish me: *takes 10 steps back* no... where is my award for being worlds biggest crybaby the future looks nice me looking at old pictures of myself: why did everyone let me be this ugly im hurt me: i can deal with criticism just fine! person: uhh me already crying: yeah? what do u want? depression meal: dusty lukewarm water that has been sitting on ur nightstand for a week i think i will die from secondhand embarrassment kink: being called hot dog in a soft and gentle voice me: hi how ru customer: great how ru me: im good how ru? my phone: storage almost full me: SHUt UP i only feel comfortable when im self destructing breaking news: donald trumps hair finally runs off to seek a better life i hate cute couples unless they r 50% me sometimes u just gotta be there for urself i dont paint my nails i just paint my entire finger and hope for the best me while sipping fruit punch out of a wine glass and looking dramatically off into the distance: ive had it ppl who like grape jelly deserve anything bad that happens to them all 18 of these examples r me chain message: dont stop reading or u will die TONIGHT- me: *stops reading* pls me at my second rodeo: this isnt my first rodeo moods come n go but intense self hatred is forever me rereading my own tweets and realizing how embarrassing they are boy: so tell me what ur wearing ;) me: christmas socks hey wow didnt see u there can i get some fucking- uuh attention and validation *immediately deletes emotional texts so i dont have to be reminded of my vulnerabilitly* choose ur fighter person: mental illness doesn't define u! me a person with a personality disorder: ok yea i like bdsm (beautiful dogs surrounding me) i think i love everyone more than i love myself am i depressed or am i just making excuses for myself: the movie a triple threat! person: *actually tolerates me* me: this seems fake but ok hackers: lets see what she is doing thru her webcam hackers: wtf all shes doing is crying just came here 2 say im ugly am i pretty? no. but do i have a nice personality or any other redeemable qualities? also no when TSA asks u if u have any weapons but u ARE the weapon u can lead a horse to water but u cant drink a horse *breaks the law* *tries to duct tape it back together* so did u rt my tweet bc it was funny or do u wanna marry me i need answers NEED im taking AP complaining fuck it i dont even care anymore *continues to try rly hard* i hate asking for help so much that is why i suffer i cant wait to die at 30 because i am having my midlife crisis in my teens when u ask a teacher if u can go to the bathroom and they say idk can u i divide up my life by which traumatic event was occurring to me at the time me looking at roadkill: ew dead bird: what do u mean ew ur not looking too good either when someone facetimes u without making an appointment me: *wakes up* what a beautiful morni- self hatred: *fuckin decks me* person: did u bring the stuff? me: oh yes i did ;) self care is avoiding everyone around u im not saying i wanna be in love but i wanna be in love yes i read im so happy lol just kidding! april fools what from the bottom of my heart the fuck my next big purchase dick pics r like when a cat brings u back a dead animal as a gift bc they think it is a nice gesture why is skin care seen as being feminine its literally skin hope u enjoy ur wrinkles 8 minutes and 47 seconds. me: i want someone 2 love me someone: i love u me: ha ha funny joke i am always looking for new and innovative ways to shut the fuck up its a metaphor person: *does something rly bad* me: what a sillypants! please let me be a dumbass i am dumb im a dumbas and im never gonna change mom: ur a disappointment me: ok but.like.thats ur opinion at this point im my own self-parody nice im sweating i love to isolate myself from civilization and then get upset because i feel lonely when u ready but he cancels the dick appointment i wouldnt wish an eating disorder on anyone ever it is and always has been the main source of my misery i cant believe my main hobby is purposely sabotaging my mental health wtf do u even mean by what have u been up to like im out here ruining my own life as per usual stupid i never eat the bottom part of the banana it scares me being bitter wont make u ugly i am still pretty me: *doesnt wanna talk about it* me 2 minutes later: *talks about it* when u decide to start being urself around someone but they dont wanna hang out with ur weird ass anymore hey guys its me ur local burden me: im upset friend: that sucks! friend: .so wyd me: lighting myself on fire bc i have now lost the will to live the 4 horsemen of the apocalypse i am the rabbit i really hate attention but also i want constant attention lets talk abt how uncomfortable i am with my body i wish i was just a floating head person: tell me more about urself me: whomst?? fedoras are a thing of the past me: *asks for someones opinion* person: *mildly criticizes me* me: ok i guess u just want me to die then bouncing my leg is the only exercise i ever get Gluten Free People Hate Him club penguin didnt deserve to die it should have been me me @ myself the term hooked up is so broad like did u kiss or did u do the real sex person: how ru me: depressive episode im insecure n sensitive n i hurt everyone i love who up?? kill me i really could go for a...sense of purpose...maybe idk im just thinking out loud *takes one step outside* i wanna go home when ur depressed and someone says u just need to go outside when will ppl realize that my opinions are facts and for my next trick ill go through 15 different emotions within two minutes sick hello sorry im late i didnt want to come i wonder what its like to be the ugly sibling why do men want to make everything about themselves mind if i have a taste me: *isnt listening to u* yeah *looks in the mirror* not this emotional wreck again no emoji can ever replace the depth of :-) me: not today satan satan: whats wrong u have been canceling our plans for weeks! i want to get the word 'sorry tattood on my forehead so i can apologize in advance to anyone that sees me hopefully ill be able to solve my problems once my baby brain falls out n my adult brain grows in bill nye the science tie i am having a threesome w anxiety and depression i feel uncomfortable w my body 110% of the time person: whats ur favorite vegetable me: steven hawking ladies night out (of body experience) probably gonna fuck up today probably gonna fuck up tomorrow and possibly the next day problems: *get better* me: how do i make my issues worse again so i dont feel fake im crying my best 'dirty talk is such a turn on for me furries are evolving me tapping my brain : is this thing on if u think money doesnt bring happiness pls transfer it to my account can someone make petition to send all the ppl who think that hotdogs are sandwiches to mars my aesthetic im depressed offline too i feel like a big dumb baby because i physically n mentally cant stop hurting myself me: im such a mess someone: ur such a mess me: How Dare You ur not a real gamer unless u eat this my political views: angry what is a sex drive where is the sex going does it even have a license WHATS THE SPEED LIMIT todays breakfast menu consists of oatmeal and tears remember when i was happy 2 days ago? me neither because now i am sad and ive never been happy in my entire life *something bad happens* me: im sure there is some type of resolution to this problem my brain: me? feeling abandoned? its more likely than u think u cant spell luigi without u and i ;) whoa whos the hottie in the cargo shorts and the eat sleep game repeat graphic tee i have an eye tattood above my vagina so i can make third eye jokes during the most inappropriate moments if u tell me u like me we r automatically bound eternally no take backs person: its nice to see u!! my awkward ass: thanks...its nice to be seen is it even possible to like someone without putting them up on a pedestal of idolization why fall in love when u can fall into ur very own grave tony hawk could never i am over beauty i am gonna turn into an ogre, go soak in some bog water and eat mud be independent! ruin ur own day! steppin out me talking 2 a psychic: can u please tell me what i want person before drinking something: bottoms up! me: *stands up* ok then what i am chaotic ugly when u purposely do things that u know are gonna upset u and worsen ur mental state my number one hobby is complaining oh yeah and i like fashion *all of a sudden sits straight up in bed alone in my room* im being replaced things im good at: apathy, empty laughter and bitter coping THIS HAS GONE TOO FAR all food network shows r fake bc when the chefs drop food into hot oil they dont run away when the grease starts popping what a great day it is to mind your own business equality is how all grandmas smell the same i would fight myself if i could robbie must be me in an alternate universe cat: meow me: how was ur day cat: meow me: very nice glad to hear it i am constantly living in fear of how i will embarrass myself next i dont need other ppl i can ruin my life by myself need me a freak that likes to watch food network shows for 12 hours a day in complete silence dont get hurt get distant if u dont pronounces hors doeuvres as horse divorce we cannot be friends whats the cheat code to stop bein ugly *buries hatchet* *digs it back up* . do i need to pay extra to bring my emotional baggage on a flight kill me thru the phone hi sry for not replying i didnt want to person: whats wrong me: self care is rolling over and going back to sleep did u kno that money can talk? n mine is always saying goodbye :/ me: hi straight white boy: can someone who knows science explain to me why its literally impossible for me to verbalize my feelings no offense but i need intimacy soon or else ill die!! i live like 80% of my life believing not a single thing is real and that everything i do is pointless and dum all that makeup is cheap plus revlon tests on animals so basically u played urself @ god pls give me a girlfriend my body is a journal and my tattoos are my story u could tell me u like me 1000000 times and i still would mentally come up with reasons on why thats a lie me as a youtuber: hello everyone welcome to my morning routine! the first thing i do when i wake up is suffer life is just one really long depression nap what i lack in personality i make up for in absolutely nothing may the force be with u when guys talk about their ex being ugly im just like aw what she do to hurt u?? 'sorry im just feeling weird today little do they know i have been feeling weird since my conception person at drive thru: have a good day me: bye i love you snakes n worms never visit restaurants bc they dont have any fingers to point at the words they cant pronounce on the menu if mike pence starred in a porn i think it would be called double penceitration i sexually identify as a measure of kilometers per second bc i really want to fucking km/s when u go to the dentist and u have no cavities i dont regret burning bridges i regret that some ppl were not on the bridges when i burned them i hope im gay in my next life when ur sad n lonely but then u make urself cum and u realize that ur That Bitch unpopular opinion: it didnt hurt when i fell from heaven why actually cope with things when u can internalize them and act like they never happened this is me irl (in real life) person: u want an apple me already eating an apple: yes i mainly think about sex and/or killing myself the scariest president had to be rushmore bc he had four heads ru pauls drag race reunion: where r they now health is a social construct so if i want to survive solely off of coffee and adderall i can you: depression symptoms me, an intellectual: blues clues how i justify everything: im sensitive u dumb bitch i love going outside and exploring nature look at this beautiful flower how do u kno if ur in love bc i think i am *at drive thru* uhh could i get uhh really big hug me alone: hey guys so im back today with another clothing haul! when u want to die but ur parents want a good portrait to send out to ur family for the holidays if anyone ever called me their dream girl i think my entire body/mind/spirit/third eye would go into shock if this isnt me i wanna permanently feel how jazz sounds sorry gtg my phone is dying its on 98% bye i am so miserable i am gonna die alone n i deserve it!! me speeding away from social interaction i do my makeup just to cry it off the only thing sensitive about me is the enamel on my teeth (n my whole entire big stupid heart) based on statistical evidence i am miserable ill sell my twitter account for $2 and a hug what has 75 balls and keeps women smiling? bingo ofc ur allowed to have other friends u just have to love me more *washes hands w tears* 2017 is GREAT lol! time passes irregularly and im disappointing my parents what in tarnizzle noah fence but im like rly uncomfortable in my body and I want to rip my skin off all my childhood friends got hot and i got mentally ill ur just trying to get attention yes n whats ur point what in constipation teacher: write a 7 page analysis me: its not that deep lol T H I S P E R S O N S A D my kink is being missed yeah i love scary movies the only language i speak is the language of love i am constantly at war w myself wishing i were someone else someone who is comfortable in their own skin n someone w a sense of purpose person: *complains* me: oh boo hoo let me blow u a sick smoke ring on the worlds smallest vape i am not real i made myself up why am i me? what did i do to deserve this me watching any sport: uh so which one is lebron james velociraptors r just sharp dogs i want to be her cute doctors god please forgive me for what i must yabba dabba doo *me after drinking multiple cups of coffee and taking ritalin* health is a social construct if shitposting isnt a coping mechanism for the ages then idk what is me: buys something bank account: *now has less money* me: me givin myself a pep talk: u can do it n everything will be ok u little bitch im so clingy n so detached at the same time how is it even possible *dog hacker voice* im in if u live in maryland pls friends with me me watching in awe as my life goes downhill me: i love u *doesnt get a response for 10 minutes* me: ha ha nvm that was a joke i am uhh joking hahahaha ah tricked u i havent been sad lately so let me just google this extremely triggering thing and watch my mental health go on a downwards spiral just wanna lay in silence w somebody who cares abt my emotional wellbeing how do u avoid ppl thinking you were faking ur breakdown bc it only lasted 10 minutes happy presidents day to everyone except donald trump the depression pride flag i honesty cannot believe another week is like beginning we literally just finished one i mean we havent had a good assassination in over 50 years i think we r overdue for one fuck the dentist i didnt ask for teeth the perfect table for a third wheel who hurt her i am feeling hopelessly gay rn i have a picture of my naked body tht looks exactly like a rotisserie chicken and no one to appreciate it ppl who are rude to retail/food workers r the scum of the earth who is she interests include: death and dying person: *joking* who hurt u me: well it all started at the age of 9 months- bad news everyone i exist when u screenshot someones text and accidentally send the screenshot to them u gotta be cool scoobs like the wind everyone annoys me but not as much as i annoy myself - a memoir me telling myself goodnight: sweet dreams u sad bitch i love u 2.0 me:*knows my thoughts about body image and food are irrational* also me: if i eat this slice of bread i will gain ten pounds when someone tells a bad joke but they r attractive so u have to laugh i need constant validation n dead responses dont help white ppl r evolving me looking at the moon: god i wish that was me is coral the dumbest animal or the smartest rock me: im sad therapist: nice to meet u im sad me: when ur arthritis meds start working and u can finally start knitting again it would be cool if mentally ill people could share how they actually feel in therapy w/o fear of being institutionalized *picking rose petals* do they hate me or are they busy do they hate me or are they busy do they hate me or me looking in the mirror: tragic *takes nudes with a Nintendo DSi* i miss THIS rihanna *agrees hoe heartedly* self care is drinking 4 cups of coffee n getting into a knife fight w god me before shaving my vagina: rugged, tough, single mother of 5 me after shaving: uptight business woman only eats free range chicken 'mcdonalds isnt healthy ok whats this what time should i get out of bed no no no no no no no no no no no no... dnt rt todays schedule: suffer i would love to not be so terrified of being disliked or rejected.rly would appreciate it person: *is nice to me* me: u have activated my trap card so u can breathe n not text me back? ok other ppl: i love u, ur my sunshine, ur my universe me: u my bitch who wants 2 be my valentine? more like who wants 2 be part of this capitalistic holiday tht skewed the real meaning n significance of love 3 robot dogs investigate a strange ocean dog time rly flies when u take a 4hr depression nap in the middle of the day interviewer: so tell me a few reasons why u want this job me: my insecurity started when i went to the gyno n the lady was inspecting me n i said do u see anything cool down there and she said no when she wants u to go deeper but ur already out of conspiracy theories welcome to ihop what can i get started for u dr.phil saying 'thank u for that is my mood cool fun new business idea: ur in love w someone who doesnt love u back? hire me n ill come to ur house and delete ur heartdrive having feelings for someone without idealizing them? cant relate every time i overshare i regret it but guess what this bitch is still doing forbidden love.so heartbreaking ur the human equivalent of the shooting star emoji birds are boring ok then explain this um i already played out this confrontation like 10 times in my head so if u could stick to the script i imagined for u thatd be cool thx tag urself i am monday for valentines day i want peas and quiet break ur own heart be independent! next family gathering im fighting all the men therapist: i havent seen u in awhile how has ur week been me: it takes 2 to tango u kno what would be great rn? going back to sleep n never waking up how many calories r in a booger it all makes sense now friend: *goes home after spending time with me* my brain: ABANDONMENT! ABANDONMENT! ABANDONMENT! pls quiet down everyone its me being sad time guys i need to admit something.im still a vegan.im saving my veganity for marriage i dont even get upset anymore when ppl say they dont like me bc honestly i dont like me either i wonder what life would be like if i didnt have such a bad love hate relationship with food hold on let me overthink about it when someone makes eye contact w the person u like i want lisa frank to design my bodybag i am going to hell on a full scholarship can i get a mcpick 2 *looks at bad picture of myself* art is subjective idc who u are if u walk around the house with socks on n then get into bed with the same dirty ass socks ur gross person: ur too clingy me: that is fake news i hate fake news i do not listen to fake news emotional stability where u at friend snapchatting me: im really sad n i need someone to talk 2 me snapchatting them back: ha ha im on the toilet dont u dare look at me in that tone of voice me: *makes a mistake* all of my mental mental disorders chanting in unison: bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad hold ur horses *cuts someone toxic out of my life* *feels bad about it 15 minutes later* me watching my life pass by: i hate this movie it sucks from the outside looking in pineapple on pizza is good n only for ppl with sophisticated palettes sry friendly reminder that its ok to change ur pronouns its about ur comfort not theirs the four horsemen of the apocalypse u cant spell life is meaningless without 'me i love boys w glasses bring that blind ass here no waitover here smh self care? idk her i just masturbated for 30 minutes i am sweating and my hand is cramped i like validation and adderall when someone is chewing rly loud if u cant handle me at my worst then we already have something in common *something bad happens* me: time to impulsively destroy all my relationships and then myself ive never been to a walmart in my life sure my physical self has been on a handful of occasions but spiritually or mentally ive never been im thinkin about thinkin ur not isolating urself if no one talks to u in the first place trail mix is just m&ms with obstacles how i sleep knowing ive disappointed everyone in my life i feel very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very alone being bisexual is great it increases ur dating pool two times zero is still zero lol sry i dont speak bitch does the bible say its ok to pee in the shower (asking for a friend) big mood *texts back 6 months later* sorry just woke up love is when i care whether u die or not i wish time would stop 4 me so i could catch up what i said: can u stop talking about that it makes me uncomfortable what my family heard: gtg my ride is here i hope my actual personality is enjoying her vacation when i die can someone make a collage of all my 'do u hate me texts to present at my funeral all i want is ur unyielding love and attention for me and me alone when u meant to say holy shit but ur phone autocorrects it to holy hit is he dressed appropriately for work . i mean he's practically naked... what do yall think ive been on a meal plan for eating disorder recovery and i have yet to gain any weight it's been 3 months anyone else here the ugliest person alive i like 2 daydream abt cute ppl to pass the time the definition of lawful evil me taking a personality test: *whispers* pls tell me who i am just saw some guy in a rebel flag graphic tee proceed to pick his nose n eat it smh this is the type of person who voted for our president i feel unappreciated n unloved 98% of the time me watching everything that ive ever done in my life miserably fail tell me about myself id love 2 get to know me me @ myself: lol thats what u get 4 not takin care of urself BICTH when someone does something that upsets u but ur too scared to confront them overdramatic and irrational behavior? in my mental health? its more likely than u think *bangs on pots and pans* im being left out! im being left out! date me pls free 2 week trial gonna shop till i drop when u fake emotion for someone n they dont even appreciate it like i pretended to not be completely apathetic and for what?? life imitates art is it too late to tell ppl that i am leaving them in 2016 its honestly so rude how sometimes i wnt physical affection from specific ppl and they dont read my mind and give it to me when ur waiting for ur parents to leave so u can cry and masturbate in peace i find ppl who type Lol instead of lol intimidating sometimes i get mad at complete strangers for being friends with each other n not me beyonc said pretty hurts now i know why a bad bitch like me is always in pain if i show u music then i genuinely like u im thinking about my boyfriend whos not my boyfriend but should be my boyfriend but he doesnt exist so im thinking abt how lonely i am its so hard for me to cut off contact w ppl like.i wanna block u but that is hard work me seeing someone mildly attractive: im in love i do not want to live on this planet just found out there is a camera in the break room at my work i wonder how many times ive been caught pulling my underwear out of my ass me flirting: id let u kill me i love nice hands dank memes is such a gross phrase like u know absolutely nothing funny is going to happen when u hear someone say that all i ever do is fantasize about someone or something whom else here loves girls on this thursday morning ppl be like hey y did u block me i was only spreading negativity all through ya life and ur gonna do me like this if i was coffee i would be depresso me complimenting someone i dont like u cant choose ur father but u can choose ur daddy i need vitamin D(eath) unstoppable force vs immovable object *ignores texts then wonders why no one texts me* glitter knows no gender white girls r evolving *something bad happens* me: let me slip into something more comfortable when u shave ur pussy but he doesnt respond to ur wyd text so u have to glue the hair back on treat me w love and respect howbow dah my myers-briggs type is ICUP i just want to lay my head on a gentle persons chest and sleep while they play w my hair person: the bigger the hoop the bigger the hoe me: i cant wait to get married and have a beautiful wedding ring like one of these person: *takes my phone n tries to look thru my photos* me: so ru like trying to see an album of my titties or what im sick of boys wasting my time i want a sugar daddy atleast u get paid to deal w their shit i am tired of missing the wrong ppl a normal interaction but everytime i overthink it i start shaking and my heart beats faster this p*ssy tight bc every muscle in my body is constantly clenched in fear boy: ur being so vague just tell me what u want me: me in real life: a mystery me on the internet: ask me anything i love oversharing me? constantly fluctuating between extreme apathy n overwhelming empathy? definitely today is actually going to be the most depressing day ever *clings to obamas leg* breaking news if i ever go into a coma im still gonna pretend to be asleep when i wake up space is obviously a girl thats why its a GALaxy me walking out of targets electronic section daily thought: butch from pulp fiction came home w like 2 cracked ribs and still ate his gf out what an idol do guys rly fall in love or do they just get pussy whipped its hard to imagine that there r ppl out there who dont start crying when someone raises their voice when its halfway thru the day n ur eye makeup starts to crease n ur makeup starts melting off i wonder what war soulja boy fought in *pushes tear back into eye* not today satan American Horror Story: Roanoke (2016) talk about it haha no thx i prefer to internalize all my problems so they eat away at me from the inside until i can no longer function when u get into an argument abt something and the google search confirms ur intellectual dominance woman: i feel sexually attracted to other women cis man: so how can i make this about me instead of commenting on someones weight/appearance.why dont u like not? wow i sure have expensive taste for someone with only $5 this is my type of function when u start texting someone new third base is me asking if u hate me @ pretty ppl.whats it like look at urself ass naked w just socks and shoes on and tell me its not the funniest shit u ever seen i think i have spent a good 1/3rd of my life alone in my bedroom mom: if u dont clean ur room ur gonna be in trouble me: its 2017 so many companies r cruelty free so if ur still buying products tested on animals ur an asshole if u think ur walking out of my life without missing me ur wrong me: hi how ru today costumer: *ignores me* me: boy: i wanna be inside u so bad me: *disassociating* yeah me too every day is a surprise for me bc idk anything also i dont retain knowledge even my tone of voice has resting bitch face this is how excited i am to die i have no self of steam me: feels happy and productive for once depression: its a prank bro some of my likes include: sparkling water and dogs wearing pants sleeping naked makes me feel v vulnerable i feel like im gonna wake up and my tittie will be gone blocking people is so therapeutic...im glowing i hate communicating we can only be friends if u can read my mind hes probably thinking 2 himself this is bananas! i only like boys when im pmsing the only things im good at r dry swallowing pills n looking like an angel i rly wanna thank the few amount of ppl who check up on me from time to time it means so much more than u know the last time that somebody noticed me ive dreamt abt pretty girls for the past two nights in a row what a BLESSING wendys is my fashion inspo i drank water AND washed my face yesterday why am i still mentally ill me: *messages everyone sry for not replying to their texts* me: *gets overwhelmed when they all reply and doesn't respond* lol.me? constantly afraid of being abandoned and replaced? yes very true ive been suffering from depression ever since i heard the song lonely by akon my weeb son: mother what did u make for breakfast me: i listen to music all the time bc i love suffering with a nice soundtrack constant validation rt if u agree me every time i try to cut my own bangs theres no such thing as friendzone ur just ugly when something bad happens to someone who fucked u over *expects an apology without ever bringing it up* soulja boy tell em (pls im too shy) *walks into table* me: sorry table: its ok when someone hurts ur feelings n ur still thinking it about it days later sleep is great bc its like bein dead without hurting ur family person: *says something nice to me* me w tears in my eyes: lol thats corny why do ugly boys always break my heart im so sad that no one kissed me under the cameltoe during christmas :/ i think if i slept for an entire year id still be tired when i think abt u my heart goes on xgames mode imagine having tea with the queen *constantly drowns myself in romanticized idealizations* no offense 2 positivity or anything but i luv holding grudges and im not about to forget about someone who hurt me!! im tired and i wanna hold hands im always a slut 4 suffering guy: *puts his hand on my thigh* guy: did u cum yet babe they arent ur real friends unless u have them on speed dial i dont lurk bc i dont wanna know me: 911 id like to report something i did operator: what did u do me: exist iconic how dare this outfit i planned out in my head not look good on my body.so disrespectful i burn all of my calories by jumping 2 conclusions fedoras should be named chastity hats me opening up 2 someone innovation *rolls my third eye* its 5 days into the new year and i havent kissed anyone why is life so unfair me watching homemade amateur porn: aw i wonder if they r in love can the first official meme of 2017 be love and kindness if u have bad intentions pls dont talk to me or look at me or think of me thank u honey i monetized the kids me @ me: are we rly doing this rn just something to take the edge off robber: im gonna steal everything! me: *thinking* u wont steal my heart lol robber: u look stunning this evening me: fUck Gone Girl (2014) boy: will u go out with me me: it depends whats ur score on flappy bird *opens twitter* oh man it must suck being a banker i bet it gets pretty loanly me as a detective: WHO DID IT LOL who is she never forget 9/11.so tragic me: *knows that drinking excess amounts of coffee gives me migraines* also me: can i have 3 shots of espresso in that my coworker just told me it was adorable that i went to bed at 8 on new years little does she know i have no friends you: uneducated, salty me: doctor, pepper me after being awake for 2 hours me: maybe.being in a platonic relationship would be.nice.possibly me @ myself immediately: wtf is this?! the notebook shut up ugly mom: ur old enough to start cooking for urself me: bitch im free 2016 how my ass taste! before 2002 ends anybody wanna admit they got a crush on me? *swirls fruit punch in a wine glass* im just like .i just deserve so much better u know me: *is rly sad* also me: *thinks listening to sad music will make me less sad* me thinking about my existence: timmy turner would never wish for this me flirting: ill pay u $5 to have a crush on me ive been ignoring chainmail for years and im still not dead what a ripoff when ur wallowing in self hatred and someone tells u to 'stay positive *stretches* man isnt it a nice day to just *breathes deeply* be miserable is it normal for an antidepressant to make u real angry/irritable bc im not having a good time im starting a petition to change every bible verse where it says behold to look, buddy i love seeing ppl in love but when will it be my turn (probably never) me enjoying my stolen personality traits anyone else here feel this: ugly hummingbirds are so graceful and majestic i honestly hope 2017 is a year of self acceptance for me im so sick of basing my self worth off of other peoples opinions i need physical affection or im gonna DIE what he says: all of my ex girlfriends are crazy what he means: i am a piece of shit hurry someone fall in love w me pls i am bored this makes me feel hopeful for the future &lt;3 be ur own boyfriend let urself down i dont support waterproof eyeliner if im having an emotional day i want everyone 2 know abt it s/o to all the ppl i blocked in 2016 i hate u all ur all demons & i hope u read this n know that i hate you! me trying to come up with reasons to push people away my doctor told me that i had add but it turns out i actually have subtraction i hate this year i hate this year i hate this year i hate this year i hate this year i hate this year i hate this year i hate this y honestly truly i love girls when someone is super attractive but real fucking boring i only talk to myself bc i am my own consultant i havent done anything yet today but i am ready to go to bed the wicked spirit of the lake i am: sad occupation: sad me: *lifts something over 1 pound* me: i could kill god me: :-) brain: dont forget to feel terrible me: :-( i cant wait to stay up until midnight on new years eve so i can experience the death of 2016 me: *turns my swag on* everyone: wow cursed images merry clitoris everyone tits the season! how do u casually tell someone they r great and u want them to spit in ur mouth my talents include looking like a child and apologizing all the time for no reason when u open a christmas card and theres no money in it my stripper name is depression cherry name a more iconic duo than me and my inability to form meaningful relationships this year has been really hard and im tired so talk to me about why im ur dream girl .what if all ur intrusive thoughts started with hey gamers person: lol whats ur ringtone? me: *has had my phone on vibrate since the cold war* ru scar from the lion king bc ur really pushing me over the edge the four horsemen of the apocalypse rt if ur madly in love with me or if u enjoy the christmas season if u take a long time to reply im still gonna reply back fast bc i love u smh why would u do this 2 me! me when i think about the existence of snakes how many self help quizzes do i need to pass before i can level up good afternoon everyone except for my future rt if u cried :( roast session except i tell u how much u mean 2 me im in a power couple w myself i love us (most of the time) we work so hard (most of the time) im rubber n ur glue whatever u say bounces off of me n sticks to u! rapunzel rapunzel let down ur hair i want to die but i think my parents would get mad at me i still cant find a veterinary clinic that will euthanize me :/ i just hit my head really hard i think i might have a caucasian dont mind if i dont its snot a phase mom a bitch is sad bc she lonely n she gonna die alone mom its not a phase me: *pulling out my hair strand by strand* he likes me he likes me not noah fence but i just need some peas and quiet sometimes im an emotional girl n thats just the way it is!! dtmffb (down to marry for financial benefits) what other ppl hear: pie eating contest what i hear: free pie i remember the days when i was an undeveloped embryo i used to sneak out at night while my mother was sleeping...time flies person i like: *talks to someone* me: RATS! ive lost them they hate me they r clearly in love w that person how did this happen oh boy lame teachersam i right sry i have bubonic plague i cant hang out today :/ dream abt me me listening in on other ppls conversations ive never been naked once in my life and if u have ur disgusting!! Doctors Hate Me (and so does everyone else including myself) u gotta dress to impress the best way to someones heart is punching thru the ribcage i think ive reached next level ugly name this skateboarding icon stop softening ur texts with lol just to be nice ur lame wedding ring VS my super cool wedding ring tht u can't afford fun fact third base is when he sees u cry for the first time im just tryna sit on ur lap n show u cool music i cannot stand lena dunham when will she just go away when u complain about wanting to die everyday and it finally happens what do i have 2 do for a nice wholesome hug i always thought i was unphotogenic but it turns out im just ugly when ur nose is running n u gotta catch it but ur not good at sports i feel so sick some dirty ass at work probably made me sick im mad my interests include full coverage foundation, pretty underwear and the color pink nvm i played myself boy: wow this sunset is so beautiful me: umtell that bitch she can have u!bye ugly hope she was worth it! whatever love is fake anyway what hasnt killed me has just made me overly defensive and sad i forgot how stressful it is to like someone i am stressed! when the light is still red but the person behind u starts beeping at u me heart is 2 big for me got damn chest person: *is less than 2 feet away from me* me: lol so what r we i love wearing black i dont dress to impress i dress 2 depress hes the artist and the art hello i am the dumbest girl alive when ur teacher assigns group projects AND picks the groups dont tell anyone but im like...very emotional no boy is rly ever worth the hype! i will stick to my daydreams thank u very much im ugly but also i am pretty it is complex never do eating disorder group therapy its so bad I literally had to draw a picture about my feelings yesterday when he tries to slide his hand up ur dress n u hit him w the u fuckin thought i love when ppl screenshot my snapchats it makes me feel wanted n powerful is double depression a thing bc i think i have it im honestly so offended that i exist so who is gonna take one for the team n fall in love w me i am waiting come in me bro! when u hear something in the middle of the night is miralax a pokemon girl: say that one little word and im urs lightning mcqueen: kachow i am being switched to zoloft is it good #shit yes or no mom, dad i have a confession to make.i have no friends anyone here ever use a luigi board? did u see a ghost? me: *starts to have a social life* me: dear god please take me back to isolation cute person: *ruins my life* me: foiled again! when ur family talks to u about lgbt ppl in a way that implies that ur straight y r eating disorders so taboo why doesn't anyone ever talk about them i went through years of thinking i was weird n stupid for having one lol android snapchats look like photographs from the american civil war i thrive off of drama like this me: *likes someone* me: *mentally plans out our entire future together* cute date idea: looking at peepees on omegle im selling my forehead as an ad space hmu serious business inquiries only u ever wanna die but like dont rly wanna kill yourself?? like u just wanna disappear?? me: wow that test was easy me: *fails test* me: lol better luck next time! person: im sure u look fine without makeup me: she needs a hug (she aka me) i want nudes 4 christmas pretty girls: being called hot is gross id rather be called beautiful me: lol i'll take what i can get this is the only compliment i want ever i am insecure n sensitive n i ruin everything me: *opens text message* i guess i'll reply later narrator: she never replied ur girlfriend out of town and u alone w this table what do u do i never agreed 2 exist this is not consensual someone call the police stop checking on ppl that arent checking on u! who is she can someone tell this boy remove his head from gods ass and my dms wish this was on the olive garden menu:/ u know what sucks? everything lol bye kill me thru the phone at the rate im going i'll probably be dead by 25 so ppl better appreciate me while im here honestly the space time continuum is just doing whatever she wants and its not fair im a different person in every single relationship i have but they r all ugly my gpa is a 2.0 and my class rank is 230 out of 259 yale i am coming for u sext: if ur mom drops us off mine can pick us up dentist: open up me: my life has no purpose and im gonna die alone dentist: uh.u have 2 cavities hopefully this christmas santa will bring me the will to live.and maybe a puppy good morning depression its nice 2 see u again guess whom just got admitted into a half day in-patient treatment program for the next month (its me) if ur with me expect to be woken up with a gourmet breakfast like this everyday girl: i love art i am such an art hoe i really love *looks at smudged writing on hand* fried koala her work is amazing! its that time of the year again kill ur local alpha male so ru tryna raise dogs w me or not i need 2 feel loved every second of every day or else i will DIE psa: milf actually stands for man i luv fruit if this aint me every time i speak i am reminded why i should not i love it when boys tell ppl ur obsessed w them like actually i never even had ur number or ur nudes saved nice try person: what do u look for in a potential partner me: i look away moderately attractive person: *complains about being single* me: ask me about how greasy my hair is my favorite piece of literature i cant believe its my responsibility to live this life to the fullest lol wtf anyone else here currently feel not good and dead inside the trashman came this week guess he forgot to take this garbage to the dump! loving ppl does not end well for me!! math teacher: y didnt u do ur homework me: i cant add cause i keep my circle small always subtracting the fakes girls r honestly too beautiful for this earthangels.walking amongst us here r some bops! whos white grandma made this i am so over today i hate working black friday i have been yelled at by so many old ppl today pls die already *uses lol lmao and rip as punctuation* where can i find a relationship like this this thanksgiving i am thankful for seeing who the fakes r! update on my life: bad my only talents r going to bed late and being sad why do white boys think its ok to unironically make their tinder bios love hanging out with friends love adventures love to smoke weed this is so pure me: y am i so lonely:/ brain: u literally distance urself from everyone u cant properly express ur emotions me: y am i so lonely:/ this thanksgiving i am thankful for titties shove a thermometer up my ass and call me a turkey! im 2 picky 2 be a ho oh lucas anyways i wish i was pretty im sitting in the dark thinking about carl azuz from cnn student news i try to invalidate my emotions even when they r valid what is everyone dressing up as for thanksgiving im gonna be the turkey if u plan on bein rude to retail workers on black friday let me know so we can fight! me: *loves being alone and independent* also me: *wants to get married tomorrow* this rly makes u think spongebob/vegan/19/straight edge/defend pop punk/i only fuck w that real shit/meet me in the pit mental illness update: still mentally ill who else loves going out in public looking disgusting like hey guys did i take a shower or brush my teeth? who knows its a mystery it is 5am and i am very stressed so i am making a cake and im going to eat the entire thing and also cry iconic i love goodwill i want to live in a goodwill they literally have the ugliest clothes im so into it staying in ur own lane is so beneficial and HEALTHY maybe its maybelline or maybe its all the adderall i just railed me: hi person: who is this me: my ultimate dream is to go back to 1300s europe and die of the bubonic plague at age 15 be careful everyone the eff pee eye is always watching im so tired that literally nothing feels real anymore when u and ur friends see someone attractive an essential step in my beauty routine is picking all the skin off of my lips because i am anxious happy early valentines day to myself love u me: *doesnt do shit* wow i did so much today bellybutton piercings are so trashy! nice day to put a knife in my head i am stressed out about today tomorrow and every day after that finally my depression is cured my crops are flourishing my chicken laid a golden egg world peace is upon us i only fuck in missionary, im not a feminist bc they r all men haters! all ppl who wear makeup r insecure! i have ptsd from the time this boy i know posted a picture of his mother at her funeral on ig last pic of my mom before she gets cremated there is a special place in hell for ppl who insult others based on looks the duality of man good morning everyone except for ppl who cannot locate the clitoris me everyday: i feel weird tag urself i am the man who looks like a hard boiled egg me: today isnt that bad depression: ru sure about that me: 2017 pls be good to me for the love of goth who else is stupid and/or loves carbs marijuana only real bob marley fans will understand people ask me what im into im just like um idk being alone crying sleeping complaining working towards my goal of becoming a pro chef&lt;3 the worst feeling ever is when u go to someones house and their pet doesn't like u me: *plugs in my phone* phone: *vibrates* me: u like that dont u ;) should i post this selfie on instagram i am self conch us idk :/ receiving positive feedback is my ultimate kink friend: *hands me the aux cord* me: im always like why am i so anxious and then i'll be laying in bed and im like oh wait i have anxiety *doesnt get txt all day* spell this out loud for good luck icup yeah hes cute but does he care about ur mental health therapist: u cant just keep cutting ppl out of ur life me: snip snip person: *criticizes me in any way* me: maybe if i calculate correctly i can figure out who the fuck ur talking to here i am...just chillin.like the boring bitch i am ur uber is here why is 2016 so mean who hurt her i drink so much coffee that the thought of it makes me nauseous i work in a cafe n every time i smell coffee it gives me a headache dont u just love it when u crave validation but only from a specific person who u dont even talk to anymore person: *is genuinely interested in me* me: rt if this made u smile&lt;3 just remembered when i was 16 i went on a date w a boy who was 22 bc he thought i was 18 it was my best scam we r gods abandoned animal crossing town psychic: *reads my mind* my mind: ravioli ravioli give me the formuoli psychic: wtf when ur friend keeps asking u what the boy ur talking 2 looks like me: *flips dogs ear inside out* me: can u hear me better like this?? fun fact: fat does not mean ugly just realized that i am as useless as the white crayon school out titty out some ppl have a blackbelt in karate but me i have my blackbelt in letting people down his hands look like this so mine can look like that &lt;3 if abortionis outlawedthen u can catch my asticking aintomy uterusand getting rid of that fetusmy dam self who would like to kill me on this day serious business inquiries only no one will assassinate trump bc all the people with guns are the ones who voted for him dirty rednecks im gonna miss obama he was a real 1 im jealous that vine gets to die before me how i wish i was vs how i actually am the glow u get after crying is such a LOOK imagine being this cool sorry boys the only d i want is death this is more romantic than the notebook distancing myself from everybody in my life is an essential part of my skincare routine wow i am cured *answers a text message* im so socially exhausted now i need a 48 hour nap where can i get some glassware like this i enjoy long memes on the beach im gonna paint my car camouflage so it will be like the invisible boat mobile old woman: excuse me young lady me: um sorry this is awkward but i already have a grandma i am honestly so offended that no one is in love with me u have to have at least one pic of u smiling! why does everyone have to disappoint me i want to do a transformation tuesday but i am still ugly me: i dont give a yike also me: gives many yike(s) ur zodiac told me u were gonna some shit like this smh when u get new shampoo and u want everyone around u to know about it me when someone unfollows me shrek didnt need school so why do i me: im not sad narrator: she was sad u dont actually mean that much to me i just like being overdramatic me as a therapist patient: im so miserable me: well actually i am more miserable also i didnt ask when he says he likes hotdogs dont talk to me until ive had my morning cup of bleach how to wake up lol u dont 2014: do it for the vine 2016: do it in the memory of vine walmart smells like heavily processed meat and missed child support payments if u live in maryland pls talk to me and be my friend gender? not in this household ! i just wanna kiss every cute person in the world i am feeling xtra gay on this fine wednesday morning me at school: when i get home im gonna be so productive me when i get home: nap time ! when u start rubbing ur eye and u hit the g-spot this is key evidence that devolution is a real thing blink if im the girl of ur dreams me? a jealous bitch? absolutely when someone says they care about u and then they end up fucking u over person: maybe u wouldn't be so sad if u didnt- me: existing is such a chore wow i need a drink *pours fruit punch into a shot glass* herpes is my favorite greek god&lt;3 greek mythology is so interesting me: :-) depression and anxiety: why ru smiling me: nvm im entitled to my own opinions i have enough respect as a woman to not be supporting someone sexist and racist mi i havent done anything but i sure could use a break i hate ppl who claim that they've never picked their nose like that is a blatant lie i cant trust u people who wear fur are disgusting how many animals do u think were killed to make this coat this is the only vine that has ever mattered iconic good morning to everyone except for women who support trump im being my mental health for halloween lol boo ! person: a relationship would be so nice i wish i had a girlfriend me: my favorite sex position is me crying in the dark by myself i want to shave my head rly bad but i am nervous therapist: so why do u hate being alive me trying to piece together every bad thing that has happened to me ever: i overhead my boss asking my coworker if she thought i was high little do they know i was crying 15 minutes ago my favorite color whom else is feeing the devils energy today me making small talk: so lol what antidepressant are u on little known fun fact about me: i want to die worms have 5 hearts but nobody to love i am terrified to walk past groups of teenagers but i am also a teenager this makes no cents who is she me: *misplaces something* O SHIT WE GOT GHOSTS *sees someone attractive* me: i do not need this right now can someone tell me why i am unable to form interpersonal relationships or have fun my contributions to the universe? sleeping crying and complaining dont fuck with me im saving my virginity for divorce just thought i should update everyone that ive come to the conclusion that i am incredibly gay and i am ok with letting people know that now person: u look dead ru sick? me: idk me internally: YES my transition is complete my final form i can feel the power surging thru my veins breaking news: i love girls me: *doesn't contact or text anyone all day* me: wow everyone is ignoring me no one talks to me!! everyone must love ignoring me ur wcw uses facetune to photoshop her nudes i need a gf (goth friend) 2010 me: ugly 2016 me: ugly with bigger boobs and better hair person: just go to sleep earlier u will feel much better! me: 95% sure that my soulmate is a piece of bread rt for a good restful sleep and sweet dreams when someone u dont know has u blocked i still can't believe i exist like i am a real person what did i ever do to be put in this flesh prison who cursed me i am freezing my nips r so hard that they could cut thru steel beams me flirting: hello u god dam foot! person: life isnt bad im happy me: thats unrealistic and unattainable BLOCKED thank u big daddy jesus got bless what i lack in personality i make up for in.nothing boy: haha me: this is mysterious cryptic and encoded what could he possibly mean by this so many things this could mean so many options i dont want any pronouns dont refer to me i wish i had friends and i am depress'dt facts hey bitches its me im n tired of ppl not falling in love w me pls love me or else youll catch the forgiving and forgetting? lol idk what that is assassinate me daddy i wish i was good at something like other ppl are so talented and my only talent is being able to sleep for up to 14 hours if ur in love w me pls speak up i like to call my look going through a hard time ive lost so much weight due to stress that my ribs are showing none of my clothes fit ive literally lost 30 pounds love my life:) *goes to sleep bc i cant handle being awake* i want to get my shit together and turn my life around but also i rly want to die just realized today i only have one friend so i deleted all my contacts and now im sad someone pls be friends w me computer: *beeps* me: oh im fine thank u how ru u driving behind me @ anyone whos ever been mean to me: u now owe me $50 to go towards my skincare being cremated is only way im ever gonna have a smoking hot body ppl at work keep telling me i look like uma thurman from pulp fiction tbh idk if thats a compliment or not what does a bitch have 2 do to be in love! date idea: take me to pear is and kiss me on top of the i Fell Tower yesterday at work i was chastised by some old bitch because i spelt earl grey like harl grey she told me i belong in 1st grade i h8 old ppl me: *looks cute up in the dictionary* me: um why isn't there a picture of me i wish i could be the person that i want to be but im too mentally and emotionally drained i love my extremely emotional ppl who feel everything v intensely aka me except i dont love me when its payday i will never understand why there r ppl who only speak english and think that they r smarter than bilingual immigrants my bank account says i have $200 but in reality i only have $7 idk whats going on its taunting my broke ass *incorporates a funeral playlist in my will* me when someone looks at me, talks to me, breathes the same air as me, blinks, exists, etc uber drive: hey how are u today youtuber: STORY TIME! UBER DRIVER TRIED TO KILL ME AND MY FAMILY! im really bad at texting also im really bad at talking to people in person socialization is not my strong suit dont tell my mom i just want someone to be overly in love w me fun fact: everything is bad 99% of my day is me being anxious me: *tries my darnedest* also me: *isnt worth a darn* i always look at this one particular boys instagram n cry but today i switched it up i looked at his twitter and cried i wish i had friends i have so much good music 2 share w the world someone: how ru me, dissociating: yeah im not asking for much all i want is ur undivided attention all the time 24/7 i want to be dead for halloween trump: no one has more respect for women than i do! hillary: fun new game: tell me im pretty i want to change my name on facebook to spaghetti so that my name on tinder will be spaghetti can i do that is that even pasta bowl a spaghetti man proposing to his spaghetti girlfriend man: *gets on his knee opens up box containing a meatball* will u marinara me his body is on earth.but his soul got sent to the shadow realm person: *threatens me w a knife* me: jokes on u im into that i cant even begin to explain how mad i get when cis men try make decisions or even give their opinions on anything regarding the female body i was bored this morning so i cut like 3-4 inches of my hair off why am i so impulsive someone help me the only forms of payment that i will accept it takes me 4 days to wake up in the morning every time i see a dog i wonder if its left handed or right handed i just found laxatives and ate them bc i wanted to know what they tasted like lol todays gonna be a day this next one will be a slow jam dedicated to all u lovely ladies out there me: if its meant to be it will happen also me: *texts u 20 times within an hour* person: ru ok me: lol fuck ass no! its so hard being lack toast and tolerant can someone fall in love w me pls im bored dm me serious business inquiries only me: hey boy: tbh idk you but ive seen u around school and u seem chill hmu sometime rate: 9.5 me: *is about to get murdered* pls be gentle its my first time i take rly hot showers to practice burning in hell im horny for love n friendship i get road rage when i have to walk behind ppl only real shrek fans can solve this when someone thinks ur tweet is about them if anyone ever needs to talk abt something happening w them i am here u can talk to me idk if its just me but i am grossed out by boys who are overly masculine like im tryna fuck w a boy who wears makeup n shit my man spends all day working hard so my hands can look like this me (now that im calm): that was embarrassing umm not 2 sound like a conspiracist or whatever but everything is fake literally everything me chillin waiting to die i wanna have friends but i also dont want to answer to social obligations n expectations...keep it informal...unnamed the year is almost over and i haven't done anything but suffer if im not talking to u im probably thinkin abt u after i took these i literally saw the most beautiful boy ive ever seen in my entire life my underwear were dampened person: so what have u done so far this year me: realize things me trying to explain how i feel to someone this is my favorite dad aesthetic literally every girl ive seen is v beautiful but then u look at boys and barely any of them are what is going on me: what a beautiful day anxiety: hey :-) depression: hey :-) me: what a not beautiful day friendly reminder that u deserve love but no one owes it to u! dog: *looks at me in public* me: stop it im too shy! #womenwhovotetrump are okay with a grown man who has consistently belittled, insulted, stereotyped and sexualized women and even children when u cant fuck ur dog or ur second cousin anymore so u have to move onto the next best option my favorite hobby is blowing things out of proportion and pretending i didnt now this is something i can get behind i have 5 boys in my phone w the contact name piece of shit and now i cant tell who is who literally why is it so hard to find the perfect shade of red eyeshadow if ur into heavily medicated girls hmu person: u wanna fight me: no i want to crawl into a corner and cry bc nothing is real and we are all stuck in physical entities just realized i hate all my friends except for two of them also just realized i only have two friends every time im about to catch feelings for someone i just tell myself to stfu n then i am all good again for some ppl this isnt even a costume *having sex* boy: how does it feel me: *checks my mood ring* uh stressed/nervous these lyrics r so iconic i get mad every time i have to go to therapy im thinking about cute boys and im crying hi im a piece of shit welcome to my account on twitter dot com pic of me me: ur so ugly me to myself: ok but did i ask anyways when can i start complaining occupation: sleepiest bitch in the world sometime: *starts ignoring me n doesnt text me back* me: hello 911 id like to report a clown.his name is booboo the fool me flirting: ur hand would look rly cute around my neck its not fair that i am ugly n broke at the same time psa: love is a scam when will i experience romance like this honestly fuck math i dont need to know anything beyond counting to 2 (the max amount of nipples and dollars i will ever have) me vs u i cant tell if he wants to be seen or not girl: just say those 4 little words and im urs donald trump: i will destroy isis! i keep falling in love w everyone and it needs to stop but will it stop probably not i love boys i hate boys i want to cry when ur parents ask u why u never leave ur room or do anything i love calligraphy boy: hey me: bye uh sry gotta go walk my pet fish he needs his exercise me realizing how badly im fucking up my life right now *walks by ppl who r talking* brain: they r talking about u!! me: they r literally 20 ft away and idek them brain: they r me: oh no me @ me: if u do this super easy task today u wont have to do it tomorrow also me @ me: stfu bad idea eat shit me: i wanna die friend: rly wow u need help!! me: lol lowkey tho! lowkey like im fine actually nvm these r reAl bops 10/10 *thinkin about myself 5 minutes ago* i was in such a dark place in my life smh this made my day i love hearing good news i ghost wrote this book what a day! i just woke up nothing has happened yet and i am tired i wanna do my longest yeah boy ever when i think about u just remembered today that i used to like this boy in elementary school just because he had the same teeth as spongebo too lazy to actually kill urself? well i got a solution for u! dress up as a clown for halloween so someone else will kill u i am as the poets say, a mess me @ my dumbass self as im crying: ok let me know when u are done i dont feel close to anyone anymore :-) october mood good morning but at what cost me everyday: wow that was the worst day of my life glad its over man: *refers to women as females * me: *me on me wedding night* me: *cries* my husband: why ru crying me: bc i cant bee leaf a boy likes me im v tired of ppl thinking its ok to take advantage of me just bc i seem rly nice and submissive im not a child pls dont treat me like one boy: haha so tell me about urself me: me: i wanna die friend: same wtf lmao!! me: but do u rly my kink is genuine love my plan is always suicide ladies build ur perfect man u got $5 woke $45 a non trump supporter $100 a bowl of lukewarm spaghetti $5 i wish i could be happy and content n enjoy life instead of just being so miserable and letting time pass we out here drinking good i hate where i live i feel like im not living enough like im not experiencing enough lgbt is actually pronounced legbutt me whenever im slightly disadvantaged or inconvenienced sry i was late i cant conceptualize time just girly things: desensitizing urself to the taste of plain vodka boy: *mentions anything involving butt sex* me: paws off that is a special area .&lt; u need permission to access that area its vips only sry person: *hurts me emotionally* me: haha lol omg! ! ! it literally grosses me out so bad when ppl cough/sneeze/burp around me like im getting chills thinking about it i dont like germs how am i supposed to have stable mental health in THIS economy relationship goal: having a relationship lets play a rly cool game called watch how distant i can get true life: why cant i stop binge eating person: *says something* me: *at my own wedding* me: i do guests: aww me: or do i? guests: o idk who i am but i dont like her when ur feeling v overwhelmed by ur v underwhelming life i need a search party 2 locate my mental stability this is my favorite tweet i hope everyone has a memeingful day its officially october and that means i wont let a boy nut in me unless its made out of pumpkin spice who needs to buy bath bombs when u can make ur own smh millennials r so wasteful with money i feel like i am about to have a panic attack and idk why lol good vibes only me on my last day as president: um so can i uh keep the twitter account if someone ever made a movie about me it would be rated M for Memes just heard someone talking about their longest yeah boy ever but instead of yeah boy they said it was yes boy im getting so sick of everyone stealing my look wish these were around when i was conceived impulse control? idk her mom: why have u been in the shower for 40 minutes me: shaving me legs me actually: disassociating beyonc said pretty hurts. now i know why a bad bitch like me is always in pain if ur man doesnt say its slime time when he nuts then hes not the right man for u me in spanish class: what la fuck person: ru ok me: :-) person: is that a yes me: :-) when ur at the beach ice age 69: The Great Depression coming soon to theaters near u i am embarrassing n boring n im sry im gonna replace my nipples w diamonds boys who wear makeup rly are the best working hard or hardly working at least when ur hanging out by urself u get to pick the music me when i text someone and 3 seconds later they still haven't replied: ah nice they hate me ifsomeonetellsutospitintheirmouthugottadoit todays been so stressful...im just gonna burn some incest ahh so relaxing &lt;333 WHO IS SHE if u just straight up drink milk then i cant take u seriously not to sound bitter or anything but if u ever hurt me i hope it haunts u for years when ur fortune cookie is correct me: *gets a job interview* im gonna be rich fuck a sugar daddy #selfmade #whereismybugatti #moveoutthewaykim me: *stays in bed 3 hours after waking up* is there anything sexier than sustainable farming me: i am never talking to him again this is the last straw! him: hi me: when u binge ate the entire day n u feel like ur dying also feel like u want to die like if u can relate this is the ideal male body u may not like it but this is what peak performance looks like i cant calculate anything in inches without thinking about dick when ur lurking n u get ur feelings hurt ppl make it sound like drinkin water will make me mentally stable n happy like *sip* *sip* i am still depressed u idiots lol just realized i dont kno what im gonna do w my life ! r ppl staring at me bc im ugly or cute what is the real truth u kno its bad when u like someone so much that u start saving memes to ur phone to send them le sigh if u kno what i mean me: *looks in mirror* mirror: *breaks* i wanna set myself on fire but like in a chill way why cant pregnant cows run? bc they have no calves! i stress about stress before there is even a reason to stress the new zodiac thing is bs i dont wanna be a gemini i'll never understand why i am so bad at forming stable meaningful healthy relationships w ppl clitoris the big red dog used to be my favorite tv show growing up &lt;3 boy country singer: i like the rebel flag beer and my truck! girl country singer: i want to kill my husband boy: do u like cars me: uh sure boy: check ur roof;) i won a world record for worlds okayest friend attention all cute boys: hello ok but honestly men dont deserve women just sent this boy a pic of my tittie bc i wanted attention n all he said was very nice smh i feel betrayed and attacked i hate when therapists r like what r ur symptoms like idk i just live this way idk anything else other than being sad me: *accidentally isolates myself from all my friends and everyone on social media* me: where did all my besties go ppl should shut up more often its free pls dm me nice songs ty google search :how to scam someone into liking u need a goth boy to go balls deep in my heart how im tryna be this halloween noah fence but if i had clear skin literally 97% of my problems would be gone this looks v fun do u ever feel like ur not even friends with ur friends my favorite hobby is going back to sleep right after i wake up if u dont care about me pls dont pretend that u do person: dont overreact me laying in a coffin about to shut it on myself: im not T: thinkin B: bout H: halloween a vegan in its natural habitat me when i meet a boy who says he likes memes: me after he sends some overused generic ass meme: someone: *says something rly nice to me* me: *thinks about it everyday for a month* im thinkin about all the ppl who r cooler than me n im upset be glad u were never me in 8th grade i got better things 2 do like not exist my horoscope says my pussy tight me waiting for a text back psa: seeing unflattering pictures of myself makes me feel very suicidal me: *posts a selfie* id like to call this look depression oil on canvas ugh i hate sports some ppl are pretty but me i am pretty ugly sext: i wanna be ur first ex wife someone: i love u my damaged ass: sure u do lol i am gonna dye my hair black i think does anyone else have black hair is it nice do u like it *is constantly unsure* can u imagine being this sick i rly fux w/ respect the body posi movement but also like how whats it like 2 not hate every inch of ur body when i die pls tell naruto that i loved him *sends a single text* lol why am i so clingy always fallin in love w random ppl that is my problem me: *doesnt even do the bare minimum* ah yes all in a days work i love luxury vehicles when u suck dick for the first time and u have no idea what ur doing can someone pls fall in love w me im bored what did ppl do to ask for nudes before cell phones existed were they just like email me that pussy! if u look up the word miserable in the dictionary there will be a picture of me right next to it i love pretty girls im so proud of them 4 being genetically blessed whoever i marry is gonna be v lucky bc i have so much love 2 give! someone: how ru me: *starts crying without hesitation* ppl who wear graphic tees that say good vibes only r whats wrong with the world 90% of everything ive ever done in my life is embarrassing i wnna DROWN in love i wanna be pretty n 3 inches taller dont call me harambe jokes make me want to pull my eyes out and step on them with cleats someone: *says something nice about me* me: marry me me looking back on how i began self destructing: wow she really did that!! this is iconic someone: im voting trump because- me: take me satan im ready me: *uses pinky promises as a legitimate foundation of trust* i survive off of coffee and ritalin me flirting: so ru into pain its getting late...i think im ready for bed someone: *hurts me* me: lol sorry that was my fault when ppl say my name im just like lol i cant believe i exist me: *thinks about dying 24/7 in order to avoid all of my problems* me: this is normal this is fine ive always wanted to know where a bald persons forehead ends me 50% of the time: ew dont touch me me the other 50% of the time: pls touch me how can someone be so beautiful but also so underrated (aka me) person: describe urself in two words me: im just a sensitive girl w sensitive skin when someone who is about to nut enters ur house: well cum who needs to spend money on highlighter when u have oily skin going out with the girls tonight! i dont think ive ever felt this sad n lonely before person: i like u me: ok but why am i not ur entire life y arent u obsessed with me smh fake i hope i die doing something i love like drugs u cant kinkshame me i am already ashamed i hate telling ppl about my issues i feel like everyone is judging me n they all just think i want attention this is my current financial status me once i find a goth boy was just informed by a boy wearing a rebel flag graphic tee that the rebel flag means heritage not hate *sees the same person multiple times in one day* me: soo what are we im tired 90% of the time but i always have energy to sin :-) (thats me screaming w my mouth closed) *breaks into nsa* *hacker voice* im in me: *says something* me internally: why do u talk so much stfu ur so embarrassing when will u learn to be quiet keep my bank account in ur prayers mood: not in the mood i rly dont have the healthiest coping methods but i haven't killed myself yet so where is my medal thanks for ur opinion that i did not ask for girl: say the words and im urs boy: without me;) what would u do if i was there;) sorry guys gtg my rides here im what the kids call a needy piece of shit hello 911 my mom made me save her place in line at the grocery store and it's almost our turn!! life is 2 short to pretend ur not into some kinky shit *somehow manages 2 be obnoxiously clingy n yet frustratingly distant and avoidant all at the same time* *minor inconvenience happens* me: me: *catches myself bein mean n judgemental* me to me: i didnt raise u this way taking nudes for fun is my favorite hobby i love when i make any kind of comment that implies that i have a soul (bc i dont) me: i dont fuck w no scary shit i hate scary movies im a child of god fx: american horror story me: *clenches fist* i just rly love people hentai means love in japanese me trying to listen in on someones conversation i usually ruin things without even trying i love muting ppl its like wow u will never know that i am ignoring u its honestly the best trick my level of sarcasm has gotten 2 the point where im not even sure if im kidding or not its hard to be attractive when ur not so true! my kink is closing doors and windows so that i can be in complete solitude me: i hate sharing my personal life w strangers also me: my great depression all started when- me n my friends im so carefree but like in a really depressing way me when i dont understand a movie: wow the cinnamon tography nipples r so weird i can literally slap my titty n that shit is hard enough to cut through diamond my friends trying to console me my soul is baby blue n very expensive friendly reminder that literally no child is born homophobic me: *googles easiest colleges to get into* me: *still isnt gonna get into any of them* listen the second u think he is so different! abt a boy that means he's already scammed u someone: ily me: :,) my brain: 5 second rule!! me: do they rly love me someone: good morning me: thats a bold statement. i HATE birth control im literally looking at this boys instagram and CRYING my secret talent is not being good enough for anyone also its not a secret *looks in the mirror* idk this bitch but i guess i'll do her makeup r we humans or r we just flesh prisons when ur transition into a vegan is almost complete i love sports ! no offense but ppl who use guns r pussies i just throw bullets rly fast boy: come over me: i cant im having an existential crisis boy: but my parents arent home ;) me: are any of us really truly home... person: ur eyes r red have u been smoking me: no bitch ive been crying some ppl r afraid of spiders some ppl r afraid of dying but me im afraid of men wearing sandals i am lonely someone talk to me *sticks leg up in the air* someone pay attention to me ! i am miserable i'll pay someone to kill me pls hmu i cant wait for fall n winter i cant wait for all the bugs to die!! lol even when im having fun im still bored i love sk8r boys im not a person im just multiple mental illness stacked on top of each other wearing a trench coat and a fedora my goal in life is to have soulja boy walk into my house and crank dat killing me instantly i look miserable all the time bc i am therapist: be honest tell me about the real u! me: me: *breathes* old person: smh those kids and their dam phones cute shy n ready to cry person: tell me about urself me: tired. when u come home to ur dog after playing w another dog when someone steals ur tweet kik me that pussy is it just me or is dont let it bother u possibly the worst advice ever given *me sitting in my bed at home* i want to go home classes out.titties out bein rly sensitive is so inconvenient like if one person ignores u then u have to cancel all ur plans for the day n mourn why do i say things who lets me speak me: i want inner peace inner peace: ew get away from me no one only 90's kids will understand this i cant wait for winter so i can be miserable instead of hot and miserable cashier: do u want the receipt? me: yes bitch tell me everything! me @ my feelings: who invited u i love this movie such a classic me: thinks about u all day im making a craigslist ad for cute boys im about to slide into those DM's D: depressed M: moods spider: hey :-) me: me: friendship is cool brain: consider this...ISOLATION!! me: :) ok person: who hurt u? me: my expectations person: why dont we talk anymore me: ok but at this point i feel like i should have earned having clear skin me on my wedding day: i cant wait to go home n cuddle doctor: u got 2 months to live me: oh no ! doctor: how did u do that me: *puts normal sized carrot in a bag of baby carrots so they have adult supervision* *writes love u instead of love you * so u can know that i mean it but also so i am not coming on 2 strong wait up guys i gotta park my cow rt if u cant wait 2 start middle school and get away from all the drama lies and tears from elementary school i can find a hundred things to like about other ppl but nothing to like about myself if anyone who follows me lives in maryland can u pls come kill me me and my boyfriend &lt;3 *puts coconut oil all over my depression* im cured shower thoughts: wash ass psychic: *reads my mind* my mind: i wanna rawed but romantically i need to do a face mask but for my soul guess who is feeling extra emotionally unstable today me laying in bed at night thinking about how ugly i am ive been ready for october since last october me: *wakes up* me: *cant wake up inside* *drinks entire bottle of wine in the bath* where art thou daddies i hate communicating we can only be friends if u can read my mind any size tittie is a nice tittie me: :,( clouds: *start raining* me: wow u get me romeo n juliet forbidden love so tragic husband: *dies* me @ his funeral: do u still think im pretty lol we interrupt this program to talk about something more important (me) me: *buys something online* wow it sure is nice to have a reason to live again if i die and no one uses a ouija board to keep me updated on memes i will haunt u all california? havent heard that name in years me: i hate boys boy: *breathes* me: im a solid -2/10 but im kinky n loyal so hmu how do u face ur problem when ur problem is ur face me: *is at a family event* family: take a picture with the baby! me: ok *in a public place* me: *thinking* if anyone can read my thoughts then hello me receiving affection: me replying to affection: haha thanks pal is anyone else here gayer than anticipated doctor: yr operation was a success me: did i ask i love being around ppl but only as a concept boy: hey how are yo- me: tat my fuckin name on u so ik its real i hate when ppl apologize to me about their rooms bein dirty like lol have u seen my life someone: *bumps into me* me: always remember tht if he dont text u back he playin himself! get u a boy who will crucify u its real mental breakdown hours im ready to release all the moisture in my body thru my eyes i need a reasonable paying job something like $10,000 an hour nothing too crazy me: *falling down the never ending stairs of procrastination* parkour! me: *talks for an hour straight about something no one cares about bc i love sharing info* im very sad someone pls hmu and or kill me relationship goals shes beauty shes grace shes sick of forced heterosexual relationships in movies my kink is when ppl care about my feelings n what i have to say im having like a really bad time being alive and everything when issues u thought u overcame start coming back if ur racist ur automatically ugly case closed me: *someone who cannot form stable relationships* u know what? i wanna fall in love will i ever have my shit together (probably not) my future kid gonna be so cool im not gonna kill myself but i am definitely gonna complain about bein alive for the rest of my life if u dont think this is hot then ur CRAZEY *goes to nasa w a pillow and sleeping bag* im ready to go to mars pls destroy the idea that tattoos make u trashy existing is v exhausting if any older gentleman with a lot of money r interested in hitting me up u know where my dms r located chivalry is DEAD *kills someone* *hides weapon in pudding factory* police: where is the weapon me: the proof is in the pudding!! police: haha lol when his dick longer than a middle schoolers instagram bio LIL CUTIE im gonna cry for 24 hours straight n no one can stop me (except maybe the police) a delicious refreshing beverage if i become president i vow to ban all movies that include dying dogs u come into my house u disrespect my aesthetic ! when ur in class n the person next to u smells bad im a cute gf n ur all missing out if i was dying i think i'd be too shy to call the ambulance some stupid idiot: glitter is so annoying it gets everywhere whats the point me: :-) *:. :* goin here for vacation me upset? yes constantly i never realized growing up meant dying inside but hey its cool i guess sext: if ur mom drops us off mine can pick us up me whenever i take a picture of myself when will my reflection show who i am inside not to be ungrapefruit or anything but like why does everything suck so bad me @ myself: u gotta wake up early so u dont waste the day also me @ myself: sry i was sleeping and just saw this wyd lol how much dirt do u have to throw in the ocean to make a new country donald trump: *burps* everyone: *cheering* WOW I LOVE HOW HE EXPRESSES HIS FIRST AMENDMENT RIGHTS! never forget to put lol after every meaningful thing u say so u don't become 2 vulnerable the new frank ocean is soo good every hetero couple buying a house man: i need a MAN CAVE! woman: this is a great closet but where will my husbands clothes go! ha ha ha me as a fortune teller me: someones thinking about u person: who omg me: lol ur mom im always a slut 4 death and suffering me@ myself: wow ur music taste is so good honestly if i was given the chance id trade my uterus for some animal crackers and a cool looking rock me driving: ugh i hate pedestrians why would u walk in front of a moving car me as a pedestrian: hit me bitch i want u to pay my tuition roses r red horses eat hay getting sad for no reason is my only talent i think bad jokes r funnier than funny jokes me @ the concept of doing anything other than sleeping: ill wait in the car me: wanna come back to my place for drinks person: ya me: *brings person a cup of lukewarm water* person: me: this is a drink i wanna be touched really hard but like with a car basically im saying i want to be hit by a car men: how can i be a misogynist if i care about my bitch ass mother? i cant believe some of the things u ppl make me read w my own two eyes i swear 2 god im gonna fight this bitch someone hold my hoops u kno what they say...its a doggie dog world out there Full Face Of Makeup Using My Own Tears Challenge ravioli ravioli pls give me a reason 2 live my only 2 moods bug: *bites me* me: um excuse me u didnt even ask me if i was single why hasn't anyone fallen in love w me yet im so bored pretty nice evening 2 fuck off and die just a fun night with me and the girls lmao actually stands for laughing my anxiety off friend: how is everything going me: fine narrator: things were not fine @ my bad eyebrow: i feed u i bathe u i groom u and yet u forsake me like this? remember when u liked- ariel is my absolute favorite disney movie is ugly an emotion bc i sure am feeling it literally anyone: hi how ru me: WATCH STRANGER THINGS me every night: i can have exactly 7 hours 15 minutes and 54 seconds if i go to bed right now ~. everything is~. meaningless future kid: u remember 2016 right? me: *closes eyes takes a deep breath holds back tears* yes i drink water and i mind my own business so where is my flawless skin @ everything ever someone: just be urself me: who? not sure if ur rly hot or im just rly desperate *tries 2 act cool by not texting back right away but forgets n never txts back* mom: *comes into my room* why is everything on the floor! me: gravity catch me w the selfie stick me when i see a cute boy in public me unknowingly sitting on the tv remote: o shit we got ghosts!! me: *is rly bad at replying to messages n keeping in touch/ will probably drift away from ur life slowly* also me: lets be friends :-) now this is what i call a gourmet meal *slips into existential melancholy* anxiety: they hate u me: who?? anxiety: they do therapist: u need to work on ur boundaries me: my what now can i hire a hitman on myself i hope my nonexistent bf knows how much i love him 100 layers of someone pls pay attention to me do u ever think about tht 1 person u thought u would never get over and then ur like dam why was i so dramatic lol person: u look so stressed me: lol yea its the stress life is hard when ur a melodramatic 5 year old in an adult body im always forgetting things lately like my will to live tweet: no one will ever love me im so ugly n disgusting me: same tweet: i am perfect y am i not the president of the usa me: same i always forget that i rly dont owe anyone anything! if i got $5 for every time i thought abt u maybe id start thinking about u back 2 school shopping me: today will be good im gonna get stuff done and finally leave the house mental illness: lol no ur not me: my bad ok sry me with tears in my eyes: time to make another spongebob reference RIP happy fathers day to my son only real chicago soccerheads know arm veins neck veins . activated friendship ended with united states mexico is my best friend now mexico wins the world cup of having the most hair gel in players hair. german coach winning world cup of wearing th working on my new walk cycle can i get a ciao bella in the chat? legendary trio chriskylefan72 thankyousomuchforthedono he asks whats your favorite color thats a great question im gonna have to hes in the bush ha new iHOB patch pancakes nerfed burgers now op saw hereditary and didnt think it was that scary when walking out the theater but the multiple sleep paralysis nig smoking on that chevron with techron me: found a minigun my squad: okay enemies northwest but do not engage they don't see us and they are fig... me: just touched down in germany quick question yes verse on 4th dimension an instant-classic top 10 pulling up to this with a tomato on my head rip to the ledge kanye really found anyone who has ever owned a cool jacket in LA, put them on buses, and drove them to a ghost town catch flights not feelings 1:10 he goes full scrooge mcduck now lets see what they look like on feet fellas what skins we copping for facetime battle royale it really do though does anyone wanna facetime me so i can show you my baseball card collection they gotta make that 30 year old dude who got sued to move out of his parents house in to a fortnite legendary skin 1. late reg 2. MBDTF 3. TLOP 4. college dropout 5. graduation 6. yeezus 7. 808s 8. ye champion this drake diss honestly taking it too far gods plan goat chicago fellas picture this. it's duos. you drop in to lucky landing. your mate drops short, lands in fatal. he's instantly giovanni bellini louvre paris 1460s kush jesus LUXURIOUS FRENCH VACATION (WARNING: LUXURY)  gang fellas my girl revoked my phone privileges at dinner im absolutely devastated please add me on fortnite (ps4: frie having a water hit the roy stance in paris france if u start a conversation with someone in an elevator u have to keep it going until the ride ends robesman vs thanos (warning: graphic) hit 24 hour fitness rotator cuff warm ups for 15 mins wander the gym looking for the 65s run in to the really please stop harvesting my data and my crops marvel: infinity war is the most ambitious crossover event in history me: oliver tree snapped (crazy twist at end watch till the end) cheese sandwich gang can someone clip some of my vlogs and make my face in to trippie redd style face as seen in this pic? thanks in ad Good Evening, robesman was a 48 month sociological study conducted by Scottsdale Community College. We are now co twitter is great today shook me to my core when yachty said: and you keep asking when we gonna do a song? ima keep telling you soon when u pull up to mushroom kingdom without checking in happy to announce i have officially left logang and am now team10 rip steve hawking :( you either die from earth radiation or get rich enough to die from space radiation. sorry i forgot ur name guy i talked to once for 3 mins 2 years ago drake should stream his next tour on twitch and have twitch chat open on the LEDs. visuals will be a nice steady s drake x ggx drake x the pie drake x T1 drake x sexj all now possible in 2k18 the four horsemen good will hunting remake and this dude plays every role RIP to the big homie unit szn a young me wow meanwhile, in south korea ranch is just mayo with ranch in it = life if ur still calling him young thug ur missing an incredible opportunity to say sex jeffrey in normal everyday conversations please stop tagging me in this. this isnt me im pretty sure handed out like 12 Ts last night dmv always asks me about my vehicle/vessel information and im like ok i got a vehicle but like, should i cop a dam vessel?? one vote thank you father absolute unit life goal is to be in a room with kourtney kardashian, make her laugh once, then bounce and never see her again. sheck wes - mo bamba VOTY i'm the next girl talk i swear had to look up going 30 and then got lost in an urban dictionary khole ig DMs always an adventure i love my wife whatever shit ... imagine if dogs had hands renting a gym for my bday this friday night and running 5s. will have pizza and gatorade. most spots already filled meanwhile in japan im honestly beginning to think that no one actually read the terms of service - john service, author of the terms of service honestly have u ever seen ur own mom run? its interesting to think about. you know i love to go there think im gonna go to coachella this year dressed as guy who goes to coachella a la nick kroll on conan spring break destination? some days i fully curate my own experience and other days i let the algorithm take the wheel cant get your chain snatched if you cant afford a chain biggest fear in life is to fall over while guarding someone in a basketball game no more lil or yung rap names. now u need 3 letters before ur name. i am now asl robesman much love to anyone out there battling cancer or supporting a loved one in their fight photographer took photos of before and after calling this model beautiful rip bank account one will protect u one will try to kill u choose wisely my homie over there thinks ur cute I PLEDGE TO WORK FOR FREE for any school to help secure the children. I am a 29 year retired veteran, Infantry Serg 3XL and 2XL still available for the big bois long sleeve WORLDWIDE SHIPPING buy shirt metro station was ahead of their time collabs i still gotta make happen: kourtney and khloe have never been invited to the met gala. kim, kendall, and kylie have all gone. i need about 3 h whoa my niece just drew this. anyone have an @ of a good exorcist? downloaded a sleep app last night. woke up and it told me that i died in my sleep wake up 1 text waiting: dopamine rush it's from your mom: rush fades open IG, new comment notification: dopamine r the emo version of IT'sS DOlPhh i need to start buying more dumb shit now that i have iphone x every time i touch an iphone old it feels disgusting having to touch a home button like some sort of barbarian sometimes i get jealous of ppl who smoke weed cause they always got something to do. either rolling weed, smoking i when will coachella allow k-pop? i really feel like the olsen twins were at least 10 years younger than me my whole life but slowly closed the age g bottoms up, gentlemen they got it pretty close but then its like our faces are still rendering this budweiser commercial came out in 95 and i've been singing it ever since. that's 22 years. iconic commercial. hi welcome to shower time: adderall, a glass of whiskey, and gratata jeans new vlog: cocktail party at leonardo dicaprio's house new business idea: starbucks but the interiors of the stores arent covered in filth if he didn't look back and just kept walking out of the ring and right to his car would have been most hardass endi need me a rectangular-ass desert oasis house in palm springs someday when big sean said last night i took an L, what was the L? in a restaurant once when i was 10 years old i looked at my fork and started thinking about how that fork has been omw palm springs for modernism week. the coachella of furniture. will smith (top 5 all time) is clickbait vlogging 2024 president vlogger new olympic idea. the pee olympics: lengthiest stream best aim strongest flow most artistic arc 1v1 showdown freestyle anyone talking shit pull up to MIT rn if u wanna catch these ehands this must be so embarrassing for mountainous countries where it's snowy year round. we don't even really like snow fellas hit her with that 123greetings at the stroke of midnight. let her know u care. nothing like the feeling of getting a reply to your email most relatable tweet i've read #onhere ROBESMAN X BOOFBOIICY long sleeve available now at gaming: method to crippler to back 1260 to frontside 1080 to cab double cork 1440 yolo flip irl: trying to eat wing kisses fingers like chef a major plot point of virtually every space movie ever is oh shit something happened to the ship and now we gotta olympic snowboarding slopestyle announcer sounds like he's vaping while announcing and just told us that a dude to wish my girl was down to become a couples figure skating power duo. seems like a great way to bond while having fun solid montage of me not being on the guest list can't stop thinking about how if i took the amangiri trip 2 weeks later i could have seen a pregnant kylie walk by messi bought little furniture to make himself look bigger. ledge. people in LA when it dips below 60 no matter what i search in youtube, this is in my recommended bar. i could be searching theoretical physics and y i improved that gap commercial odd future post mates kill them all xanception kinda bummed that kobe didn't say kobe! when they won he's a celebrity to you lmaoo robesman season x: pants cut & sew piece printed on 11.5 oz 3x1 cone denim manufactured in america 100% cotton 1 of timberlake does not give a fuck lol timberlake using 4 backup male dancers that arent n*sync is so disrespectful to joey fatone and the other guys smh wow the amount of disrespect to call that play lol was that just the paradox? u do well in school? so did i they call that, a paradox prince stopped a hologram of himself happening from the literal grave and i cant even get a text back mobile live streaming is so dark like such as for example: hampton brandon, asian andy, burger planet. i need to log off. got starbucks coming monday season 10 pants top 5 best live performances all time: 1. michael jackson 1994 superbowl 2. symphony & metallica. oasis to 250 brandon flowers the definition of dress for success. dude invented the killers, put a suit on, and has only ever played arenas since. the important takeaway here is only express emotion when drunk u gotta put some water on ur hands before u hit the soap dispenser. same with getting the toothbrush wet before pu #YEEZYSEASON6 4k every other week is 104k a year vs 2 million invested with a 5% average return = 100k a year. take the 2 million metro boomin is top 5 dancers of all time low key the most important youtuber can someone photoshop me next to lil uzi pls? despacito time my dudes. song still goes. u think ed sheeran give a dam about a grammy?? she wore the isabel marant jumpsuit to brunch. iconic. u know i keep that mf racquet on me um i never went to oover javer all i care about this year is my family and chinese memes still cant believe that kid with green hair smoked weed in math class. that is so disrespectful to math. wtf. lil xan got nardwuar to say robesman this is a lot. im very emotional rn. shook me to my core mfers hit silver 2 on rocket league for switch then wont return ur texts need crazy bread bars i love selling shit on craigslist cause like im either making $200 for an old suitcase or im getting murdered. either way its lit. The Only Gucci We Recognize In This Household Is Tom Ford Era Gucci vetements fall winter 2019 is the your checked bag is 6 pounds overweight so you just decide to wear the excess cl in planet earth season 2 episode 1 there is a bird who gets her egg broken. the doc later tells you the same bird l one day ur feeling great the next day u wake up to find out ur gf is a russian bot priceton rejected my college application in 2003 but guess who went on to have over 8,000 youtube subscribers water collab on the way. told yall things would be different this year RIP fredo forgot to tweet this pic of the stick i found after the ac/dc show last year. huge! john mayer is shaking what if somebody from the chi that was ill got a deal on the hottest rap label around queen of youtube scariest emoji in the deck. gives the vibe that u better keep ur mouth shut or this emoji will execute everyone you me showing up to my 9 to 5 at noon mr holland wrote one opus then started acting like he didnt know no one any artist out there that want to be an artist and stay a star, and don't have to worry about the executive produce but u see it's not me it's not my family steve jobs and steve wozniak 1994. think about this image next time u feel like giving up. daniel day lewis's final role is him playing a man fully obsessed and dedicated to jawns and jawn construction. rem when i was a kid all my friends parents had this machine in their house but i never once saw any of them use it low key always wanted a bowflex once i get my teeth whitened it's over for u lames omg cody ko really spoke on the god himself, crea tyler. MUST WATCH lmao it's always reeaal quiet in the men's restroom unspoken rule is no chitchat allowed men just like to stand and p 9 days in to 2k18 and drake already has the caption of the year wake up balanced breakfast goop on ya grinch alright time for bed saturation 2 3 1 new papa kilo vlog f/ me and samantha cerney never forget that you are alone and nothing is possible hey what's up guys jeff sessions: if u even look at a weed ur going to jail lil pump: i had no idea russ sounded like this dam my 3 year old nephew was watching me play switch and kept referring to mario as the little boy so i had to tell h all the british m8s gonna be so pissed to find out americans only know virtual insanity by jamiroquai complete the look in a dream challenge was my favorite thing of 2k17 once they launch smash bros for the switch i will most likely never go outside again check dm pixar: what if toys had feelings? will smith: what if orcs were cops? black mirror: touch me iphone X and me mental shit ... now u got me thinkin bro mario has been getting his girl stolen for 32 years but he always keeps it posi and gets her back. a true role model. if my girl and super mario odyssey both drowning and i can only save one catch me missing my girls funeral cause i come to brazil ur mcm is at his parents house for christmas break, and he invited his 2 friends from high school over to drink in the light side: tattered robes visions of a talking goblin green alien titty milk murder your dad dark side: daft 911 what is your emergency uh yea i called earlier and u sent a fuckin orc instead of a cop and the orc is pillaging my house... pixar: what if toys had feelings? netflix: what if orcs were cops? me: what if chipotle had limes instead of lemons? merry christmas! or in the words of the young pope, merry chrizzle biznatches i bought $25 worth of bitcoin today for the grab bag and by the time my cousin opened it, it was worth $23.78 christmas eve fit check. make sure the hermes belt is visible in every photo so the family knows the pieces is hit when skol the number 1 trending topic my girl drinks so much water i love her so much she's like a dam camel spaceX: ok we're going to launch a rocket at this exact time, place, date, and location. here is the trajectory. he dufflebag buru up next 2k18 i bought trip insurance for a flight in 2007 and i'm still salty about it i love mydad great moments in chief keef wearing moncler history incredible shot for shot remake. must watch for real. bring me the horizon at the royal albert hall was this generation's S&M u either die the big baller brand or live long enough to see urself become the wyatt ingraham pull up to cline ask the price politely leave been vlogging for 16 years. once i learn computers it's over for u hos - zuckerberg in 2004 once i teach my girl soccer it's over for all yall here's another hit BOUGHT AN AIRPLANE TO MAKE A VLOG WE BOUGHT AN AIRPLANE (WARNING: FLYING)  things my pilot is doing other than flying the plane include texting, vlogging, and drinking lean emotional. some lines hit a little too close dam good afternoon currently the year was 2001, the fast and furious just came out. your buddy ronald from homeroom saw it and immediately went star wars ranked (thus far) 1. 5 2. 4 3. 7 4. 6 5. 8 6. 3 7. 1 8. 2 brent rambo shirt makes u better at skating im selling internet for the low hit dm if u need can't believe the net is no longer neutral also who calls it the net lol 1. wake up 2. tweet lil uzi let's work 3. tweet lil uzi let's build 4. tweet lil uzi check dm 5. prod if video games aren't a sport then why do i sweat so much playing mario kart i'm boosted belt collection gaining strength i believe in u broski &lt;3 need help finding a link to buy the cline cropped v-neck cashmere sweater in a dusty-blue color. size XS or S. tha if you're in to 20th century design, please do enjoy pieces by: marcel breuer carleton ri thinkin about my boys yo. save up $3k to $4k and quit your job. SERIOUSLY. if you're wise about it, that money could last you 20 or 30 gr them: what's your 5 year plan? me: harry styles for brent rambo buy beats spilled coffee on my gf's new carpet. a $3,000 mistake . please send love and support my way going thru a lot rn. dj lucas big dope song of the year down to marry mygirlfriend if she's down vine 2: this time ... it's 7 seconds in the studio going crazy sensational remixed it for the season it's not a video unless your entire neighborhood pulls up to the filming of your video smokes weed with kyle h once never siezes to amaze me how many ppl believe old wise tales it's december 2017 and i just realized the truman show was the true man show the greatest youtuber of all time has returned with another classic tweet of the year contender they ask you how you are and you just have to say that you're fine when you're not really fine pull up to the club with 8 hot girls and ... (squints eyes) apple from black eyed peas? my last 6 meals have been burritos 21 savage publicly risked it all, and it paid off. incredible. everyone else don't read this ... jake paulers, good morning need a moncler for winter jaden smith doesn't even have any face tats 2010 youtube vs 2017 youtube my gf is in paris right now staying with a shoemaker named franois . fantastic thread. just watched all 244. the algorithim only exists to serve itself lil xan glo up of the year award how i'm coming all 2k18 tbh he might not show it, but my homie really goin thru a lot right now fucking get your camera right now - me after i get even a half a fit off the timeline never takes a day off omw thanksgiving BRENT RAMBO (B. 1995) BUY BEATS, 2017 SCREEN PRINT ON CLOTH NOW LIVE AT this is honestly the best tweet i've seen on here if ur in phoenix pull up to blanco tacos at terminal 4 of PHX u can share some of my chips and sals. ill be here fo lil pump: yuh, lil pump, yuh. gucci gang, ooh. me: in 1991 when i found out mario had a dinosaur friend named yoshi who let him ride around on his back, that was one really true tbh mental no one expected post malone to have more than one hit and now he's on 6 platinum singles and set himself up to be the next nate dogg wow peepski forever can be ur devil or ur angle i wrote, directed, produced, edited, and starred in this in 2007. gm dexter holland from the offspring is lil pump's dad. crazy but true. ed sheeran type beat deep sleep clears out beta-amyloid protein build-up in the brain which is linked to alzheimer's. not getting enough they say nature is the spice of life which one do u do first? had to get some selects for my model mayhem page in westworld tryna find the center of the maze wrong number but hope walter is ok airlines should start selling ads on their wings heavy is the neck that wears the credential u ever open ur phone and just look at ur apps xanbowski sometimes it be like that feds have done multiple sweeps on the phone w the president of hotel roof bars hack the planet china food remember the baby from nevermind? this is him now feel old yet thinking about mygirlfriend watched live action beauty and the beast. should have cast jack black as lefou and channing tatum as gaston. ariana grande as belle?? when u get off a plane the pilot says thank you so i say thank you back. we're both thanking each other for not crashing the plane. couples costume idea new aka weezy starting a verse with howdy do in 2k6 cause a series of events that led to thugger starting a verse w yeehaw in 2k17. incredible... 80s movies made it seem like 1 out of every 2 parties had a motorcycle driven in to it spits hot fire thoughts and prayers w lil during this difficult time blade runner 2049 flying cars - nice everything else - p messed up leto - more leto than ever before underrated emoji: love this dude: when dolph said it's dolph i felt that sometimes it be like that bathroom door guide (where to push) - work in progress regardless, always push with pinky knuckle (minimize contac i bought lotion on amazon prime and now they are shaming me need elon musk to cure this cough mars can wait elon pls top 3 halloween decoration easily 100% of donations fund pancreatic cancer research: texting w my brother-in-law. dam i love this guy iconic duo alert sometimes i'll watch all the IG stories on the IG story timeline just as a token of respect and a nod of friendship casual i wore a transformers sweatshirt & matching transformers sweatpants every day for one year when i was 4. my mom had to wash them at night. sir do u have any questions on the menu? yes can i get the menu again but printed in helvetica it's loud for homeboy, deafening. the ole long urinal, classic fucked up how mountain dew has very little to actually do with mountains i'm 100% getting this and tokyo drifting in to the jet bridge from now on it's so crazy to me that in like 1890 or some shit ppl were like yea ill put my baby in this sometimes it feels like it's just me and the jonah hill fit watch vs the world imagine dragons quietly putting out banger after slapper after banger me: *sees that my friend just bought some new sneakers* me (to myself): extremely niche twitter voice but sweetgreen has the best kale it's been quiet for homeboy for quite some time lmaoo ty for another sold out season monthly reminder that kyle is the most important living artist cursed images linkedin with the utter disrespect for ur boy #NationalBoyfriendDay when ybn nahmir said they say lil nahmir where you been at im just passin a breeze i felt that the 90s we're really trying to make us eat buttered toast, sugar cereal, random, fruit, a glass of milk, and a glas when applebee's said eatin good in the neighborhood i felt that my girl was cold at dinner so i ran to the shop next door & bought her a sweater. the exact opposite of cracking open a cold one w the boys 280 character twitter: hello great to meet you i'm jeffrey and it's a pleasure to make your acquaintance! me twitter: my name jeff the fact that harmony korine called the riff raft character in spring breakers alien instead of lil ferrari percocet is such a lapse you: im off the kush me: I'm smokin that stinky brinky skunk skunk the most cerebral ziggs player known to man clout calling 2 up for a grammy i heard i have lost control of my inbox i'm stressed out no 21 pilots my gf (pause) just showed me this place amangiri in utah and now i am determined to spend a weekend there w her yes paramore brought this girl w clout goggles on stage and said this is for the culture! wild no offense to russ but who has kush and lean and xans at the paramore show rn who at paramore at the greek theater? me and dean z got here like 9 hours early i need to chill with hitting the follow button so much lol special guest stars coming thru tonight include: and fact 1) their doinks aren't even actually that big that house from ex machina is a real hotel in norway so i'm going next fall fuck it ill let a robot kill me for tha i love my girlfriend david beckham first stepped on the field professionally 25 years ago today. great moments in fit history. i think about this snap once a day. can someone PLEASE find it? protect this swagless kid at all costs if travis scott kid name doesn't have ad-libs ima be so distraught ballers isn't really a good show but i like having it on while i work cause hear the rock's voice calms me down this one cut too close to home dam need to borrow 835k real quick just remembered john brown aka king of the burbs wow what an icon more discord highlights: ok let's fuck these motherfuckers the fuck...(mic moves away from mouth) ok goodnight mom love you! sorry im playing bad im trying to break up with this girl was literally just typed in to the all-chat lmao hot take of the day: where you want to be is the best taking back sunday album i bet jake paul hasn't even ever smoked weed lmaoo or maybe he has i'm not sure just cooked up this lil remix in my stu dj lucas big dope prod by kennybeats (robesman big doinks edit) i got roasted in the discord today cause i asked my fellow gamers if they've seen beerfest. they said robes u old as shit!! is this machine gun kelly? boonk gang is turning in to the joker so honestly feel like we need a new rapper named lil bruce wayne or something to come defeat him. sorry i'm late i was busy concept designing a custom chain for john mayer when ur homie says watch me do a cartwheel so you do and he has PERFECT FORM so like is russ just like the j cole version of drake? did daft punk really play at lcd soundsystem house? local apple maps: take the freeway. google maps: freeway looks jammed. take this side street waze: do 120 thru this school zone u bitch ass nerd instagram is just pictures if you think about it. videos too sometimes. not impressed! wait this sounds chill af tbh i went for the handshake and he went for the fist bump this is a deep cut meme for any tru sky-heads out there i need to get my house in order smh the most practical application of emojis happens on venmo the algorithm ... is working wow vine was the peak of the internet. hands down. my homey dont show it but he goin thru a lot rn. pls pray for him jim carrey: fashion is meaningless! us: hell yea! jim: don't vaccinate ur kids! us: wait. jim: ssmookin! us: ok hell yea! my sister just sent me my nephew's bday wish list. he's a wee child. i got him the gum. lounge boys episode 3 now live the golden era of clubbing combined with the golden era of music. sensational. saint lil ron: the patron saint of clout imagine being in the stu with giorgio moroder when he was cooking up the soundtrack to scarface taco's just met the ultimate good boy at erewhon in calabasas season 9 season. big doink season. first signing to no jumper records. 15 album deal for 35 million. imo i think it's time for this trump joker to take a hike!! BIG AMISH DOINKS NOW LOADING if ur afraid u might have been hacked just DM me your SSN and i'll look it up on the database and let you know. season 9 season i been shouting i love you at the end of every conference call at work today so don't tell me that i'm not making a difference 1. wake up 2. whats going on with mycareer 3. ?? 4. aight back to sleep my mom talking to UK child version of me: son i think u have a fever me: mans not hot the genius bar isn't accurately named and everybody knows it her: why is there a half-eaten jar of peanut butter, 12 empty cans of tecate, a nine iron, and a bag of melting ice pouya is god my mans going through it rn brother - thoughts and prayers HH adam22 is a I AM EXTREMELY OFF THE STARBUCKS AT THE DELTA SKYCLUB IN THE ORLANDO AIRPORT RIGHT NOW my gf's father: so what's your 5 year plan? me (fully grown adult male): hi i'm robesman i'm 65 years old & trying to get 2,000 likes on my instagram post. pls help if you can every like is a step towards my goal me: ima freestyle god you: prove it me: what the fudge is going on in me menchies? my hat: gucci my chest: gucci my belt: gucci my pants: gucci my shoes: gucci my mind: the safety and well-being of my vros i don't think my dad, lenny kravitz, would be too please to hear u talk that way about my acting. - zoe kravitz but i can rap so fuck school i'm too cool to go back gimme the mic show me where the fucking studio's at sometimes life gets hard but i try to stay relaxed of it mike myers never appeared on live tv again after this lmao good afternoon this is my league of legends team there are many like them but this one is mine update: 552k retweets that's 3,300,000 pounds of dog food worth about 3.3 million dollars ima need to see the rece dam, pray we find the cure to phenomena whoa ... is hittin instagram has devolved in to a platform where u just judge what everyone else is liking like look at this thirsty motherfu. don't talk about UK rap unless you can flow like this OH SHIT just got the weather report for this weekend. apparently it's gonna be cloudy with a chance of it bein fuckin nice out ok i got loud DM or h season 9 season hey houston i know people are losing their homes but here's uh 1.8 million pounds of dog food when i watch old videos of guns n roses selling out massive stadiums in the 90s i get anxiety from thinking about the merch lines don't get too swept away in a scene cause every scene dies need season 9 season shake shack at LAX stops serving breakfast at 10:30 and i got my sausage egg n chee order in at 10:29:59. i did an actual dance i've seen single vines that are better than lady gaga's whole discog thank god i love the idea that the meanest youtube comments are written cause some kid is stressed about his geometry homework or some shit i wanna do a show called robesman pulls up on celebs where i pull up on celebs but i just need some celebs to let me pull up computer geeks be like how much RAM does that computer have? lmfaoo fuck around and get littlefingered lmao minus the part where u gotta kill ur competitors, i would be like, an amazing drug kingpin im beginning to suspect there is noting urban about these outfitters at all! me reading the timeline every day of my life 2 RULES 1. NEVER RAT ON UR FRIENDS 2. ALWAYS KEEP UR MOUTH SHUT THE THING ABOUT LENA IS U DON't FUCKIN LOOK AT LENA before and after getting involved with no jumper world war 3 time who up anyone live in belo horizonte, brazil? gonna be there from weds aug 30th to sept 3 RT if u know lil pump has saved more lives than logic i just read some poems by rupi kaur and they were trash lm ao - robesy laflur apple music trending section showing america is littered with horribly unimaginative aux cord DJs lol big dope by dj lucas prod by kenny beats is the official end of summer anthem is this art if u think about it, in the end, capitalism won wow if u think about it, in the end, friendship won wait mccgregor is about to die in the ring is mccgregor one of the best boxers of all time no matter what happens cause he's gone round for round for this long with a dude who is 49-0 why don't these guys just sit down and try to talk out their differences wait was that tiesto? just in case 2 out of my last 3 IGs didn't break 1000 likes so i'm heading to melrose to get my clout back up other countries r wild. shipping to ireland rn the address has no numbers it's just: fergus oflannery mchoolihans irish district ireland not even sure what a brockhampton is but this record is i thought xxxtentacion was like scream rap over blown out speaker type beats but i put his new record on and it sounds like deja entendu wow the way life goes by lil uzi me rn: i'm bout to take out an IG ad that says mind ya fucking business i feel like this uber driver might kill me but i'm too afraid to make a move as it might lower my rating the chorus on this taylor swift song is soo bad lmaoo no offense to the songwriters i'm just gonna pack orders all weekend and listen to all this new music god dam what a time me: i can freestyle tho everyone i know: um, no u can't me: oh yea? me: FTP IS FOR THE PEOPLE hi bitch JOEY BADASS AIN't AFRAID OF NO DAM SUN RAYS WHY U THINK HIS LAST NAME BADASS CMON NOW 1997: whyd u stop calling 2007: whyd u stop texting 2017: whyd u stop looking at my story 2027: whyd u stop sending electro-cranial vibes if a gf is a wife then an apt is a house the lil xan shirt was a certified classico not a gun in sight and zero idea what he's saying and yet this is the scariest / hardest song of the year SEND ME LINKS TO SINGERS PLEASE. VOCALISTS. NO LABEL PREFERRED. HELPING SOMEONE IMPORTANT WITH A SECRET PROJECT. THANK YOU. should i cop? every 3 hours i realize my aesthetic is trash and upgrade to a new aesthetic free sometimes i can harness my anxiety and use it to accomplish a bunch of shit but sometimes it overpowers me and turns me in to a weirdo nature is incredible prediction: justin bieber's pastor will end up being found out as a worse dude than mayweather TO BE SUCCESSFUL U HAVE TO BE ANNOYING I'm SORRY I DON't MAKE THE RULES IT's JUST HOW IT IS U GOTTA FOLLOW UP A BILLION TIMES N SHIT psa: u can murder ur whole career w one freestyle RIP hakeem - gone but not forgotten. forever in our hearts &lt;3 flat sun-ers don't read this . flat moon-ers who up nothing like a good somnaar eclimpse!! to start the day well folks, the results are in . happy to announce i'm asian the actor who plays the night king gets 80k an episode to stand there and look scary and say nothing just like my ex wife sharon lol on my lowest day in my darkest hour it's still drought 3 that i turn to for strength income level is enough that i don't need a $300 shirt i cop to have all-over print logos but not enough to cop a $300 shirt no logo I'm a Man Woman Looking for a: Man Woman To: DM Hit My LIne Either DM or hit my line bro i got loud im tryna smoke i'm looking right at the dam eclipse i look at the raw sun on accident like 3x a week u think i give a shit about some moonblocked sun?? if u read this tweet fast and have a brain like mine you'll somehow read the words soulja boy a god among mortals when chief keef stopped posting videos of him dumping water on his sleeping friends i knew it was time for me to grow up as well waiting for kanye to just pop up out of nowhere and tweet jake paul innocent and then just disappear again feeling stuff i rarely call ppl sir or mam but when i do it's normally cause i saw them drop something in public the most shocking revelation in the jake paul / faze banks controversy is that ppl willingly went to warwick i just watched a full 20 min jake paul vlog and man ... lemme tell u . hooboy important thanks John Stick. proud of you for making it up out of that Michaels. shout out featured in the new lil peepski video! also featured on robesy mane season 8 u know how ppl say i know my rights! i actually don't (know my rights) it took me 32 years to get a girlfriend incredible val kilmer in heat with the 733 w the dick w the extra clips just so yall know how i work it's such a burden knowing everything all the time and yet here i sit new brand new album activating 19 year old robes repeat new brand new 19 yo old robes has been activated shout out this young man for shooting his shot in my menchies every day i wake up go to work drink some coffee and slowly chip away at destroying my enemies all i've ever wanted to do my whole life is just show my friends that i'm better than them at everything i can be ur angle or i can be ur devil i have no idea how i'm going to get rich gonna be back streaming on nojumper tonight streetwear review time get a twitch account and get ur popcorn ready where to cop? i am blessed to personally know so many creative geniuses it's overwhelming sometimes shout out bustle i feel zero connection to my middle name me (today): indict for murder now guy is genius media (tomorrow): did u know indict for murder now guy once kicke im so hungry im just staring at the car on the uber eats map being like drive silvia! drive! my whole life is just trying out different ideas that don't work either one is going to work eventually or ima die either way it's been ok i believe u but my fendi belt don't when the race war starts please let it be known i'm on team asia if a rapper smokes a blunt but they don't ig story it, do they even get high whom'st've going alan walker at palladium tonight who will be the first celeb brave enough to post their gf as their wcw? i wonder to myself. imagine john mayer's collection of nudes he's received over the course of the years. sensational. for sale: 4 dead stock four-pins stickers. $80 each or $300 for all 4. price firm. be cash ready. 2003 was crazy. black eyed peas went to #1 with a song called let's get retarded it's friday night i'm gaming with my gamer friends someone's mom is about to beat their ass live on the discord lol every newborn pic looks the same. they make them wear that swagless beanie and literally clout-handicap every child from birth. lame. one of my fav things that rich ppl do is name their houses babe can u stop by coldwater to let the pool guy in before heading to panorama? ROBESMAN SEASON 9 RICH TRADITION NOW LIVE IN THE STORE i might fuck around and drop a tbh of the day tbh my sister at the hospital about to have her 4th kid and idk what to text her so im like have fun! have a great kid! send vegana open bo so afraid to have a kid and then find out my kid doesn't like mumble rap. scary thoughts nowadays everybody wanna talk like they got something to say when i was 11 i had a friend we called goth terry who was always tryna talk to ghosts using a luigi board. spooky shit my friend just sent me this pic of him in the club in 2006 congrats to daddy yankee! the most popular artist in the world! u wasn't with robesman shootin freethrows in the gym tomi out here stuck in 1775 on some battle of bunker hill type warfare whichever country can do more pushups wi pull up to your office refuse the sign the NDA send a runner to get me faygo bounce before the runner gets back 100 clip no question just foolin around w my vro in the group chat this past weekend i barfed on my girlfriend's $800 cashmere pants and $65 lip gloss this weekend. that was a pricey vom i'm not saying your mix is bad i'm just saying i'm gonna need all the stems and the entire project file nothing like being depressed and anxious and burying myself in work. yumm! just want to reiterate that this man gave me $500 yesterday while adam and i were no jumper live streaming. what a legend. good morning shout out this man he just gave me $500 streaming w tonight going fully live someone gotta tell karlie kloss she's no tai lopez begone off my youtube preroll ads! your an absolute dimpshit drake got famous just to deal with guest list bullshit dam :( should i cop? always funny when dudes don't their teeth fixed w braces but get grillz so they just have this gold covering over their snaggleteeth every day i log on and give it my all if ur watching ozark on netflix please know my family went on a vacation to lake of the ozarks when i was 10. caught about 500 crappies ozark is fire but bateman will forever be michael bluth no matter what role he's playing instagram just keeps on delivering WHOa RT if ur not afraid to have GOD on ur timeline i need some good doc recs pls a classic mome rope me: ok robes ur 32 chill out and raise some twins also me: im still shook from when young thug said every time i dress myself it go motherfuckin viral this is the last image u see before these guys kill u with shovels and bury u 6 feet deep in a matter of minutes dam that unreleased lucas track adam was playing in his IG story was so fire - ur getting the robesman hit alert lil aaron singlehandedly keeping emo alive word around campfire is sex j activated beast mode wait why is 22 holding double bananas in this video lmao season 7 is everywhere was season 7 the peak robes season to date? discuss suicidal thoughts are often fleeting thoughts that's why a 5150 can save a life two things i've learned in my life: 1. no color will ever top black 2. no font will ever top helvetica video i been working on for the past 9 months with an amazing team over here is now live. please do enjoy stepping in to the club and i hear them playing new thugger might fuck around and change my name to blob hell yea national gf day whoever keeps taking these pics of jonah hill please keep doing that whoa what the fuck you choose sorry i'm late, i was busy writing a poem for my girlfriend can someone link me to the non-autotuned version of the it's fuckin nice out im tryna smoke some loud guy? i just spit in a tube and sent it to so in about 6 to 8 weeks expect a lot of as a 2% pacific islander i ... posts me and my rich friends like to venmo each other 20k as a joke i used to fuck w trip advisor for food recs on trips but uh, not so sure anymore lol my girl shower uses filtered water my skin never been better wow if u kill someone and this man pulls up to ur trail it's curtains for u my dude. ur cooked lol walk in to the store and say hi to a person who i think works there but they don't work there so they just stare at me some days ima #3 but other days ima #1 why instagram keep showing me this ad of a dude pouring ketchup on his shirt ion even like ketchup u ever just sit in ur chair? this is how i send all my tweets fyi welcome to your clout consultation got a DM request to literally take over a city. so much pressure why scarammuci sound like the most lit italian designer? i step up in the club scarammucis on my feet who is the best film photographer in los angeles? he died doing what he loved. being butt naked with his VR headset on humping his couch. if anyone found some burton goggles at burning man last year can you please DM me. i dropped them and am trying to get them back. i was playing the rick and morty VR game on steam yesterday and got so in to it that i turned off a virtual faucet to save virtual water lol FLYS SPIRIT AIRLINES ONCE WOW WHAT THE FUCK lmao korean girls be laughing 10/10 i'm honestly asking you, as an american patriot, to like and subscribe to my youtube no jumper stills logged on to IG and my bros were just throwing up cutie pie pics left and right dam me (watching porn talking to myself): ah yes, the male POV porn actor who specializes in deeply breathing in to the camera mic. classic. i'm not saying the younger generation is trash all i'm saying is we had jonathan taylor thomas and u have jake paul lol if ur not pulling up to the tennis function being fully embraced by ur pastor are u even pulling up? oh fuck yes ur wife hit me in the DM so i shot her a link to a very reasonably priced marriage counselor ppl: how can u eat steak? that's cow me: let me ask u this, u think that cow would hesitate for 1 second to rip ur jugular from limb 2 limb? spent my 20s finessing artist passes at music festivals gonna spend my 30 finessing VIP access at airport lounges and comfy travel i got bands like im warped tour - lil aaron (greatest living american poet) just had a VERY fruitful call with my wife. our marriage is here to stay! tag yourself i'm the cup yeah i'm INSECURE I - i'm insecure N S E C U R E yeah i'm LIT L - listen I - ing T - to from first to last i've been developing fully custom robesman cut & sew pants for the past 3 months and get my first fit sample back on friday i only judge a person by their response to me yelling: AYE FUCK CANCER i ain't gonna lie . i'm fifty tyson NO ONE BELIEVE IN LIL XAN EXCEPT THE PPL IN THIS LOCKER ROOM AND NOW HE HAS 29K INSTAGRAM & IS EATING GOOD OFF FEAT we are in this beautiful era of fashion where skinny jeans are totally fine and so are baggy camo cargo pants. cherish this era. ah yes, this is just like when baby boomers killed the typewriter business. apparently those assholes wanted comput *tears streaming down face* n.nice sorry i was late, i was busy beating up the principal of the local high school and all the teachers and the entire football team if lil s vans don't end up in a museum we have failed as a society couldn't afford anything inside but got this pic hell yea pls go to my latest gram and transfer some of ur clout to my gf. thank you everyone in new york dresses like a person who just moved to new york just landed in new york where the latinas at lol jk i love and respect my latina gf if u white, u matt damon if u got a blonde fro, u OBJ i don't make the rules leflurk on my body when i hit the robbery every 4 weeks my LA friends watch a new netflix doc & change their whole diets except the part where they drink, do coke, n smoke kush lol u ever just sit in ur truck? RIP CHESTER BEST SCREAM IN ROCK MUSIC ppl getting aggressive in my texts dam I LINKED UP IN CHINA U CAN't EVEN SPELL CHINA gm to everyone except jake paul and his less famous brother logan i combined the two greatest artists of the decade this is the first edm song i've heard since young thug said yeehaw. coincidence? i think not. u might be tempted to make fun of me but KNOW THIS ... if u hurt my feelings i will cry everyone at lunch today was in the same country club and i was lemme get uhh one water? first off wtf second off how did i get on this mailing list lol this tweet just screams not composed on a private island pull up w a stick (to my private island . if u can afford it ) - jacob savagetorious who tf allowed them to name that thing high school musical that's like calling a restaurant food restaurant decisions decisions lil pump: dripping designer burberry my sweater lil pump pull up he changing the weather me: NEW VLOG: I CLIMBED THE GREAT WALL OF CHINA LIKE MY NAME WAS MATT DAMON if u ain't texting, DMing on ig, DMing on twitter, and interacting in a celes menchies - ur not real friends. #itsmy2cents Just had a very fruitful call with Elon Musk. Lil Pump is here to stay! gas, it's not just for smoking anymore her: did u drunkenly eat that old cinnabon i threw away last night from out of the garbage? me: if my ig story gets 3k views i imagine everyone watching in a room together. a group of this size watching me do bi wait there's a budweiser festival named budland lmao 1 RT = free house phone 1 fav = keep him in jail somehow weirdly very true need to round up anyone who liked this tweet and put them on the cheese-ship to corny island lol real shit also thanks to for blessing me with first class this dude sitting next to me in first class is being kind of a dick so i drank his water beijing y'all mind if i uh get some tweets off right quick? nothing feels as good as having blazing fast unlimited LTE again just like the founding fathers envisioned ryan gosling girl came to see his show in lala land and he made her stand in GA lmao i just left beijing i just left earth i would pay 2x the ticket price for an airline that promised to have no loudspeaker announcements wow, bars let him make the video!! she lacks the vision smh i could be ur angle or i could be ur devil PLEASE JOIN THE INTERNATIONAL CLOUT ALLIANCE BY GOING TO MY MOST RECENT INSTAGRAM AND REPORTING IN WITH YOUR CITY IN THE COMMENTS THANK YOU who are these old men justin bieber keeps hanging out with on instagram and how do i become one of them? EVERYONE I KNOW SNAPPING WOW if u don't get xxxtentacion like, just watch this video. absolutely insane delivery and lyrical content going to the supreme store in beijing tonight. thinking about copping my first international jawn. i'm 32 and i'm not married. i don't have any kids and i can't cook. wait is coke trying to suck us off? 2016 xxl cypher: wow this is the best song of all time 2017 xxl cypher: um, i'm p sure this dude just put a curse on my children's children death will be plentiful. fear will be bountiful. i will steal all of ur girls them: hey robes u wanna play connect four? me (externally): yea sounds fun hehe me (internally): my homie took this pic of me n my boy at the mall in beijing when we weren't paying attention lol. prolly gonna del dam whoa lil pump: trapper of the century wintertime: a . flavor of gum? probably? china is the land of endless content Let the devil know NOT TODAY! The devil has no power when you know the LIVING God! His name is JESUS!! Why worry when you can worship everything in china is fire getting some culture honestly put this on my tombstone when they ask me how i got so nice at FIFA same but my donger i'm not sure if this is the cristal and jameson talking but the seattle airport is fire we got a 5 hour layover in seattle so viranda just ordered a bottle of cristal for us in the delta lounge just to f whole seattle airport smells like kush lmao how about instead of sending me nine 3-word texts in a row you just send one (1) single 27 word text? fucked up that casey affleck murked out his kids in manch by the sea but hey one thing led to another and he did what he had to do nahmsayin think i just accidentally joined scientology at the airport lady at the gate asked for my passport so i put my water bottle down to give it to her and forgot my water bottle. dam i miss that bottle shout out all the young entrepreneurs fr look at me look at me . i am the no jumper now matt ox not eligible as he'll be turning 9 in 2044 pull up on ur vro with the draco supersoaker squirt him n get his shirt wet laugh n play together #SignsThatYoureOld u robesman? u old as shit lmao king i need to stop doing these i started drinking more water and my skin got way better. makonnen was right. dam beijing on sunday gonna use protection us: 4 day weekend! ye! wednesday: lmao. yall thought . i have 2 modes: 1. i have too much work. there is no way i can finish it. may death come swiftly. 2. i am the work god. everything is easy. don't bring me in to this rob joey chest nut post a pic of ur post-victory dump if u real xxxtentacion - live at rolling loud (2017) . insane energy. huge crowd reaction. need an what? NEED AN WHAT? been getting left on delivered all day today smh all set up to watch some fireworks lil xan music video set in nature dam sorry i'm late i crashed my mcclaren supercar in to a house and it burst in to flames me talking about whatever: 00:03 me talking about the geopolitical influence of memes: 58:05 patron? trash don julio? garbage casa migos? george clooney the god tequila? fortaleza reposado which rapper is this that's about 5 or 6 too many eggs per day my guy country billy made a couple milly tryna park the rolls royce inside the piccadilly hollywood baby. we do this often me: man i miss fetty wap me: *hears one single trippie redd song* me: fetty wap u r dismissed when deep down i know i fucked up but i gotta blame somebody so i pick a random govt body but then don't really kno mood forever follow for more information how come we know like every single face about website inventor mark zuckerberg but i don't even know the founder of pornhus first name? me, in traffic, after some other driver does something that even slightly inconveniences me this might be the kush asking but do they call it ranch dressing cause it was invented in an actual ranch? hardest bars since housephone's brotop hotel freestyle tbh me and car girl boss boss baby baby driver brandon wardell shoe size 13 boom. boom. boom boom. i want u in my room to spend the night together together in my room every single day of my . my review of the new jay z album number of times he snitches on himself: 5 number of times he says esskeda: 0 0 - 5 = negative 5 stars some days i'm depressed other days i'm like: SHOUT OUT TO ALL THE KIDS OUT THERE WORKING AND ALSO TAKING TIME TO FLEX WHILE WORKING i'm up to something love that jay z will be yelling SIR! SIR! SIR! at a 2 year old running through whole foods in 2 years holy shit jay z just said: i got all the knowledge my cortex is sensory lil pump IS . the trapper of the century beyonce's album: jay z cheated jay z's album: yes. yes i cheated. my girl asking the important questions whoa just remembered it's a 4 day weekend coming up peaceful gang season 9 preview. inspired by kylie and kendall washed out just put out a full video album that features kyle mooney playing a hippie stoner who hosts a talk show. my 2 loves combine wow price went up why this billboard look like an advertisement for getting topped up lol i work my ass off so i can afford all these dinners lol wild every white kid has at least one full eminem verse on deck just in case he's forced to freestyle ... i ain't acid rap but i rap on acid, etc happy birthday to ilooklikelilbil !! - from everyone here at robesman sometimes u gotta hit the brewery w ur girl. am i right fellas? mans on the left looks like the valedictorian of The Kush lol u ever take a dump so long it has 3 acts and an intermission? do u love this shit r u high rn do u ever get nervous r u single i heard u respect women is that tru? me to myself in the mirror: ur strong enough ur good enough ur worth something ur the true marsupial superstar lol this post is basically wow i love rihanna so much here's a bunch of pics of her privacy being invaded by creep soundcloud rappers helping my relationship thrive i'm thankful just wanna let kids know that you don't have to drink heroin to fit in shirted up WHERE's HIS CLOUT HE HAS No CLOUT LMAo lobster season in the bahamas starts august 1st who down to go pluck their own dinner off the ocean floor? THE TAI LOPEZ EFFECT IS SPREADING SMH me to my girl after watching 8 crime docs on netflix in a row smh had to do it to em vs hAd To dO iT To Em this whole video has so many gems my god trippie redd throwing signs then throwing the funny-face snapchat filter on his face is my favorite thing in a vide babe it's not you i just need some alone time w the content pilates time baby y'all already know what the fuck it is future is playing lure tonight lure is walking dist from tender greens everyone in line for tender greens is wearing head to toe designer rn deadstock baby 400 obo what's the wifi password for costco in los feliz? them: robes have u overextended yet? me: still in neutral here this man really made merch that says MERCH on it lmao understand i had to do it to em conversely go comment dam lil aaron ur meat dummy tiny on lil aaron's last insta these days i be chillin mostly type but type not me: what's ur favorite color? rapper: one thing led to another and what happened happened you feel me i did what i had to do that youtube check just hit brandon wardell switched up dam LIL PUMP RICH HE ABOUT TO GET RICHER just say sometimes but not now i'm tryna find out which no jumper interview (not streetwear review) had the most drinks n snax on the table a lil thursday thinspo MY GUY SELLING OUT SHOWS me: wanna get some food later? friend: no i can't my mom is in to. me: *stops listening. takes out phone. opens she asked me why i tweet so much i told her i get work off that i was never fat so no one ever gives me props for being skinny :( matt ox no jumper summarized in 10 seconds anyone out there a painter? tryna get a pic like this for ig except it's me and the painting is also of me. alert: massive gf reveal on instagram. please go to my latest post and respect her in the comments. thank you in advance for everything. she called me immature so i threw my fidget spinner at her judge: how do u plead? me (in matt ox voice): i just be chillin bro this restaurant is a woke daddi daniel day-lewis retired so harry styles can take his place as best actor all time. the dunkirk preview is the best movie all time. go get the shirts and stickers daniel day-lewis never took an L just when u thought i was done w the fishing vlogs i went ahead and dropped another fishing vlog someone made bootleg robesman merch and sent it to the nojumper streetwear review last night adam is losing it and i am here for it he's been texting us all day about chanel west coast lmao u ever sit down in a chair and just be like are u fucking kidding me w this chair? 2000s: no neck tat? not a real hardcore kid 2010s: no face tat? not a real rapper 2020s: no eyeball tat? not a real 6th grader very wild roast/compliment combo comment u can meme & vlog all u like, but if u put out ONE (1) wack rap song u will forever be a wack rapper - on why he doesn't rap robesy quick hit now live (not a vlog!!) this is a quick hit got shooters in my menchies chipotle worker just wished me happy father's day literally all my girl asks me is where are his parents? lol aunt diane loved 2 party how they gonna do a 2pac film and not have 2pac play the part of 2pac? i can literally solve any crime in the length it takes an HBO doc to finish. such as for example, west memphis three: terry hobbs guilty. matt ox was 11 when he wrote and recorded overwhelming albums in the 90s used 2 have disclaimer intro tracks cause the singer said fuck a few times. now u can buy a rocker launcher on silk road thank u for all the father's day well wishes watching all these 90s murder docs. i'm so glad i wasn't murdered in the 90s. every 90s murder case verdict was a coin toss. the way demi lovato says body type in the chorus of cool for the summer is the peak of people saying things a certain way in music ya mcm couldn't get his sea legs stumbling around the deck like a baby deer eem the first mate was clowning him lmao we getting cute candids all summer 17 xd trip to the beach: sunscreen: $12 towel: stole one from ramada inn gas: $50 sandwich and smoothie from erewhon: $86,549 wtf happened to fetty wap? he like popped up, said baby won't u come my way 9,000 times, then dipped forever? honestly so much gold in this video. highly recommend watching this to start your day mood: kevin from bloodline ah yes friday, time to txt precisely fifteen (15) ppl what's the move tonight my g and then stay in and play video games anyway sending an email on a summer friday after 7pm is an act of war sucks that so many of my fav rappers are in jail on gun charges but these instagram pics with unlicensed ARs aren't going to take themselves duel of the century Dj! in my darkest hour at my lowest low it was xxxtentacion, who had my back jay z is thanking the entire culture name by name. bold move wait so twitter killed the sequential timeline and now all my tweets are brandon wardell talking about sucking off the sheriff super close to hitting 8,000 youtube subscribers massive day for me can't thank you enough for liking and subscribi JUST WHEN U THOUGHT HE WAS DONE HE GOT BACK ON THE DAM BOAT AND PROVIDED FOOD FOR HIS FAMILY WOW. NEW VLOG. top tier interaction DON'tMIXTHEPERCSWITHTHEXANS THAT'sHOWUDIE OPIATES + BENZOS = DEATH NEW VLOG: OCEANGOD BATTLES MONSTER FISH [WARNING: INTENSE] if someone tells u i could buy and sell u don't be offended. them saying they can sell u implies there is a market for u :) i'm just gonna keep posting gjohnce2001 videos until u realize this guy is operating on a different level than the #1 most watchable person on all of youtube RT if u agree *for heavy memers when you walk in the bank, do the tellers stop what they're doing, and watch you cash your check? vine was the single most important app ever to be invented in my soccer game today, i kicked the ball so hard at this guy's face that he had to be subbed out lmaoo matt ox could have been the first kid younger than an actual high school freshman to be on the freshman list but xxl needed that kap g money u vs the guy she told u not to worry about new bio: old account hacked at 100,000,000 followers. smh everybody graduating these days seems like thnx for showing me of the feeling i got the first time i saw goodneig on mondays i like to roll in to work around noon make one hundred million dollars and then bounce at like 4 i'm headed to china from july 10 to 14 hmu if ur uhh, in china anyone who is verified who has less followers than me isn't verified in my eyes, sad! the best who has ever lived at anything ever / actual god hi the timeline, i caught u this delicious snapper omg need dear slim i wrote but u still ain't callin i left my max bench, max squat, and my daily protein intake at the bottom flight delayed, classic! who keeps making these accounts i need answers show urself it's ur uber am outside it's ur uber am boat when ur off 12 dramamine and decide to take the family boating DONT WEAR SHIMANO UNLESS YOU've LANDED A MARLIN that six month period in 2015 where everyone pretended to love house music was so weird how ye doing? yea i'm floating i was drinking earlier now i'm boating rebranded to longshoreman / oilman yo tru and also game 1 and 2, could u imagine only reason the cavs are winning right now. crowd filled with knowledge. crowd filled with mentors. flying is honestly insane get in a tube fall asleep 3 hours later, i'm in houston it's wild wait what the fuck oh shit got an intern somehow i put my friend julie in a vlog and these are her DMs rn lmao ocean fishing for sharks in the gulf of mexico on friday, saturday, and sunday. all my tru fishheads expect a juicy vlog next week this man got 10 RTs and here's his convo in my menchies. honestly how is twitter free? these kids stanced up even in the face of being swept in the finals. tru dedication. 25k twitter followers 11k insta 40k in debt 8k youtube wife sharon left me she got full custody Yes I Did That, Class Of 2017 if i had to describe myself in one word it would be john leguizamo GET IN THIS THREAD AND PROTECT LIL XAN AT ALL COSTS uber eats lady just pulled up in a mercedes slk to drop me off a $9 burrito. her business plan is confusing lol my hobbies include watching bloodline and also sometimes paying attention he died doing what he loved, hitting a wall going 190 in his lambo while screaming out the frank iero harmonies on my chem's helena fucked up that plan makes u barf up the kid but welcome to trumps america i guess it's a compelling argument new vlog in the kitchen w robes very rare cooking show guac knowledge Shamika Kiesha Tara Shawna Sabrina Crystal DaRhonda Lisa Felicia Tonisha Shavon Monica Monique Christina Yolonda whenever i go thru someone's media and it's a bunch of screenshots of ppl who blocked them i'm like god dam this badass truly running shit s/o lindsay lohan for pioneering the knife movement i'm boutta buy a $7,000 coffee table since i quit working in music and started working in esports my life became exponentially better. huge shout out and all gamers a little monday motivation life rent: $1600 food: $600 car payment: $400 utilities: $175 candles: $7,200 pls help my family is dying: $1,900 me to myself after getting kicked out of dave and busters for fighting it's ur uber am outside lebron should just join the warriors my soft meat dummy tiny my white friends always like can i speak to ur manager? and what is your name? sorry i'm late i was taking a nap and i felt like the nap would be better than this event and now that i'm here i realized i was correct if ur not making competitive endurance tickling videos w ur athletic vros ur honestly just leaving money on the table who tryna collab on a family hit DMs brandon doing numbers on this means he's too powerful lol we've lost all control i haven't saved a number since 2012 lol and it's so hard to explain this to 708 right now me after getting 200 comments on a vlog xan rapper: i drink lean / smoke gas / and (mumbles inaudibly) me: god dam. bars. not one single person who is sponsored by weed maps can tell me what weed maps actually is lol Vetements-Esque lmaoo wild in the menchies tonight going good thanks for asking! also why are we doing selfies while holding the phone w both hands lol i love how we have entered the i sewed one half of this thing on to one half of this other thing phase of streetwear the romans killed jesus cause he was gaining too much clout. stay woke been pretty bummed all day but then i read this and just felt better :) whenever someone has a gun im like uh. ok? what r u gonna do with that? shoot someone? lol white ppl be like this is our foreign exchange student Jorge welp. they got guns in pop-punk videos now lmaoo ladies. he seems chill she has the haircut it's FRIDAY F - time R - to I - crack D - open A - a Y - coldonewiththeboys y'all call this a date IF A YOUTUBE AD IS FIRE ENOUGH ILL WATCH THE WHOLE THING, OK?!? dear god heavenly father please forgive me for my sins amen happy bday lena!! pls go comment dam kent u did that on this youtube video: it's my boy kent who is rich and owns a plane i just watched it's everyday bro by jake paul on youtube and this girl in the vid says yea i smell good but i doubt that she smells good NORTH HOLLYWOOD SKATE PARK 9PM austin augie: doesn't own a store. zero shooters. no jokes. can't even bunny hop. holocaust denier. adam22: no jumperr i am honestly gonna knock you out please lmaoo man gave consent heard somewhere that making your bed is the key to happiness so ima try that for a month cause i'll literally try anything to improve mylife yea i'm i wanna COVFEFE! C - crack O - open V - a F - fcold E - one F - withthe E - boys! u either die the hero or live long enough to see yourself covfefe throwback to when timbaland first played jay z bad liar by selena gomez new vlog called gets a girlfriend once now available for stream on my you tube page not to mention we had no reliable clout-tracking systems in high school WHO IS GOOD AT PHOTOSHOP AND RETOUCHING PHOTOS (COLOR CORRECTION, ETC)? HMU IF U WANT TO DO A JOB FOR ME (HAVE BUDGET) info always liked how instagram locations have a notable flexers section big chune alert! single ladies, watch this video! pouring one out for anyone who died before hitting 10k on instagram MDW is the flex purge for the next 24 hours, all flexes are legal can someone go to this and send me pics n vids wow this really blew up huh and y'all better add me on snapchat too 2013 (pre no jumper) vs 2017 (post no jumper) go tag me in this worldstar post they stole my meme i just want credit congratulations? haven't heard that word in years we spent 4 seasons at the 4 seasons once follow me on social media to get flexed on for the next 24 hours pour the cbd in the double cup dude it was fuckin crazy bro she started kissing my neck i started to unbutton her romper she slid her hand up my thigh and under my romper ladies n gentlemen of the jury ur not built like me steph? haven't heard that name in years stop at 7669 melrose secure the clout bounce don't tell ur mother kiss one another die for each other ( wait what?) we're cool for the summer! pull up on u in the orb pop the trunk my meat fall out he knew who shot him but he ain't even show up in court tell me something u motherfuckers can't tell me nothing i played a game of league with sexj today and he he went 0/12/4 cause he was filling out an application for office depot WHILE playing lol tfw u kill archduke franz ferdinand and start WW1 oops!! matt ox told us that meek mill called him but he's not gonna sign to meek cause matt ox is the king of philly me at 9,999 ig followers vs me at 10,000 ig followers if anything takes more than 10 seconds it's not worth it mine? no marcus johns? lmao when ur grandpa turns 69 new vlog. behind the jumper adam just facetimed matt ox and matt ox is confirmed about that life wow tucker carlson is always so pissed because years ago his plans to tear down a youth center to build luxury condos w new episode of the pod is up. the best selling point i can think of to entice everyone is that we don't talk about greetings twitter! i just woke up, anything happen yet today? if you drop jimmy buffet songs into a minor key they become very dark, emotional songs about a man drinking himself the first gender neutral pronoun was that brief time when you could put yes as your sex in AOL profiles damn i usually dont fuck with art or any of that shit 2 much but this shit is dope! if anyone wants to know what florida is like, i just heard a radio dj attempt a mash up of P.O.D. and OT Genasis in 1978 my grandpa was raiding a house in connection to one missing person case. he picked this up off the suspect i cant stop laughing at the idea of a pitchfork writer being assigned to review a brandon wardell album damn the new sicario movie looks fucking badass my grandpa passed away this week. he was a very fascinating person that did some amazing things in life including p i cant think of anything more sad than spending a bunch of money just to flex on instagram and then paying to promo everyone should be legally required to see live once a year oh fuck every person who grew up with billionaire parents are now trying to build one of those motivation instagrams where yea i mean im honestly way too busy to go anyway -every verified twitter user in LA on why they arent attending imagine, you suck up your pride, fly to DC and beg the president to pardon a specific grandmother who is unjustly s Two months ago i had this bizarre exchange with Roseanne. It turned out to be her son Buck who has been trying to t Huge new episode this week guest starring yes we are all about the same height, and yes that height is a yep! im about 65 zack prob has an inch on me and brandon is a little shorter maybe 64 the funniest type of person in the world are poser influencers that tag brands in their pics without being asked an wait, am I the only person that didnt know Ben Shapiro was in the movie Eurotrip? cheering for drake is like getting stoked when the captain of the football team wins prom king last year a magazine shot a VERY AWKWARD vibesz video of dillon. the final version was unbearable and dillon told t when i was a kid, this was MY definition of a Live Stream retweet if you agree absolutely discusted by the way tomi lahren was treated at that restaraunt. i have sent several messages and voice GOOD LORD THANK YOU hey i got a 87 and my DMs are wide open. talk soon thinking about that video where skrillex and the joker hang out Tonight on Dateline: Across the Nation, thousands of grown adults are calling themselves Goth and Emo online. In th the funniest part about jordan peterson is that even if you somehow got some good advice from his books, got your s hm i wonder what type of person ben is describing here? this dude passed away this morning and his family is trying to raise money for his funeral expenses. dropping a lin ive been doing this thing lately that im calling analogue podcasting where i invite friends over and we basically thinking about all the people who posted shit like this on facebook a few days after getting a Thursday album cover her: honey, big mouth billy bass does not count as a friend, youre just drinking alone down there every night and i a second ago i was trying to find a picture of a neckbeard to use for a tweet and one of the top results was a pict its 2018 and wiz khalifa is still writing songs about how the police are like investigating him trying to prove he smokes weed beautiful painting of a young socialist rigging up donald trumps line for him while he goes fishing in a full busi we need to shut down the entire internet for maintenance. these new And1 shirts are wild every snapchat update is like: -new design so you have to relearn to use the app! -you can now run windows 95 on new episode out today with our boys & this episode jus reign tells us about the time logan pa its 420 and i got a freakin cartoon character talking to me on twitter im a little confused. you just sent me two pictures of me looking badass, what exactly are you asking me about them? the easiest way to tell that somebody is in a polyamorous relationship is that they will directly tell you that the a really sad experiment to do is look up the angriest maga twitter guys on instagram and then try to find one photo wow i wonder what she did? i wonder what its like being a full grown adult who decided to be in the entourage of a teen white girl rapper team work makes the dream work alright its time to delete youtube does anyone know why your hair starts to grow like this if you never leave the town where you went to high school? really? my friends dont think my passion is buying coffee filters on amazon and they dont congratulate me on the in 2005 every a rapper had a skit on their album that was like um yes this is the news, we are getting breaking im not anti-science, but you really lost me on this one lets figure this out because i really want my bio to say Awarded Most Reliable two years in a row by J.D. Power these brands are all fake freaks a naked man just walked by us at a party and mac demarco appeared out of the darkness to hold the door for him like LMAO how am i just seeing these now for the first time? lmao this is the loneliest flex of all time literally every magazine: : , . fuck would be pretty chill if the postal service, mgmt and tame impala all hung out together like the rat pack The podcast patreon is officially live! two episodes a week now, one only available on patreon. we made this video just played fortnite with roseanne's son and he was really good i think this is happening God's Plan roseanne and rosie were once a single person but powerful magic split them into two people with equally loud but co not really sure where i imagined i would end up in life but it definitely wasn't a place where my phone would be bl Tip of the Week: Gas stations dont specify when the free refills end. I bought a big gulp that i refill with soda e i dont like that every valet guy knows that im the one with the honda fit before i show them my ticket timmy thick interview is live tonight i am going to get to the bottom of the timmythick situation. breaking news: i am about to attend the Nickelodeon Kids Choice Awards if anyone was wondering which one of us runs the twitter Yeah But Still & Chapo Trap House back to back in studio (living room) today folks still thinking about that part of ready player one where the whole story stops for 2 pages to talk about the main c wow thats a very deep cut alright folks they had a good run, but i think were gunna have to pack it up and call off the whole memes thing. Your music library is pokemon cards, reply this to thread with your most poweful cards -powerful cards are very go these, but instead they say SAG Union Actor just got my dna test back. turns out im 70% irish and 100% percent badass hah Happy Austin 3/16 Day just wanted to remind everyone about the big holiday tomorrow. every 12 year old going to school tomorrow and telling people that they killed drake in game this is the moon landing for gamers the fast & the furious was shot next to my house and theres always guys comin thru to pay their respects real life version of twitter collaborative thread: i want to hear about the hyper-specific cliques and crews from your high school brandon dropped a wild mystery on me in this new episode and it already unraveled so much more since we recorded. w something going on at the americana. were all on lockdown at pacific glendale 18. no idea whats going on so badass today mcdonalds is celebrating all of our female employees. thats why from now on we will be paying our staff Winimum Wage. people act like being an instagram fashion photographer is easy but those dudes had practice being a totally fuck i still dont think a fish can consent to sex always warms my heart to see parents exploiting their kids for clout its crazy that theres an entire channel called CNBC that just plays shark tank Breaking: Scientists organize a chess match between the two men who are tied for Worlds Highest I.Q. wondered for a long time if this would ever come to light. its blown my mind that brands have been down to pay Pame instagram not having a mute feature is a mental health issue I PLEDGE TO WORK FOR FREE for any school to help secure the children. I am a 29 year retired veteran, Infantry Serg My Music Limewire Library Black Betty - Lynard Skinard The General- Dave mathews band Bum Bum song- Tom master level brain genius strategy: make schools safer by giving all of the ROTC kids real guns honestly this sucks hustle, work hard and follow your dreams, but never forget where you came from.you may have to go back some day. a few years ago a guy named zack hit me up asking if i could get him free beer for a show his band wanted to do in her: what are u thinking? me: oh...its nothing... her: what is it just tell me me: no my girlfriend isnt fake! she just goes to a different school idiot! i was in mexico, new episode tomorrow morning and we will be bringing the heat. sorry for delay. i have battled my way thru the deepest dungeons of the airport and now it is time to claim my reward mexico is a wonderful country and the brand Hollister is thriving here a 7.2 magnitude earthquake hit about 15 minutes after we got to our air bnb. were all safe, that was wild tho ive heard they are doing this, its crazy what lengths they are going to in hopes of derailing me. Many have been asking for it, so today i released a solo bonus episode entirely about a dave & busters based math e my god this is the most romantic thing i have ever seen Breaking: US Mens Snowboard team accused of cheating after Shaun White was caught listening to unreleased AWOLNATIO took my 2 year old son to pick out a new toy for his bday. he spent hours looking at superhero action figures but h i dont have any tattoos only because picking the perfect sublime lyric is extremely hard to do things white guys say to their friends before driving home drunk remember the kid in elementary school that would start crying and try to get your own mom to ground you when you be i thought the entire point of catfishing is to pretend to be someone that others would actually want to date absolutely not daily success tip: only surround yourself with PIMPS P eople I nvested in M y P ersonal S uccess alpha mindset white dreadlocks need to be illegal and now for the main event letting everyone know im too cool for sports by inviting myself to several superbowl parties so i can make very wit very exciting guest on the podcast this week folks! the exact spot where it went down alright thats enough for tonight folks LMFAO fear not, for this is just one of the many blessings given to those who subscribe oh cool, so were still debating whether or not the man who married his daughter is fucked up? new episode of yeah, but still today with the crickets james cordens jokes are getting tonight really deserve the grammy for best ambient album and shepherds we shall be, for thee the lord for thee. looking forward to next year when taylor swift promotes her new album with an amber alert i literally thought that only i believed this. im so happy right now a very normal and not at all sad thing happening on here today is full grown men being extremely angry that the leg thinking about that scene in richie rich where macaulay culkin has a damn mcdonalds in his own house it was a mistake giving us pay per view access in this green room i love seeing dumbass fake feminists getting absolutely owned by real feminists about important shit okay i like these updates but i dont think it got any easier to pick lmao choose wisely folks when they finally find my body they will have to pry this manifesto from my cold hands this is huge who are these scientists that sit in a lab every day trying to prove that shit white people do every day is actuall absolute god level posting congrats youre on the front page of pornhub just a small taste of the genius level marketing brandon and I do for our podcast. this one is called the honeypot damn guillermo del toro really made a whole movie about a lady fucking a fish culturally, theres lots of stuff that worked last year but just simply does not work in trump america. its been fu my uncle works for nintendo and is gunna give me the new system before it comes out but ur not allowed to try it unless ur nice to me belated new years positivity thread: people often hit me up for career advice, which is funny because i dont think absolutely owned i love people who talk about being a CEO like its a rare title given out in a sword ceremony to only the most succe parking my red mustang convertible outside the local college and handing out printed versions of this to all the fr nothin wrong with swinging by chipotle in the afternoon to enjoy a single corona beer by yourself woah this year looks insane is it worth making another one for this year? these liberals dont understand trumps foreign policy because they dont know how to fight. in prison, everyone know im not sure if this subgenre of feminism has a name, but im into it try to name a worse scenario than killing yourself and then watching this happen as a ghost setting new years resolutions for yourself is selfish. this year try texting your friends and offer up some helpful every single item in my store is on sale until midnight my new years resolution is 1080p 19000 300000 sick of people giving me shit when i go to the mall in my call of duty cosplay outfit folks, i need some fiction book recommendations. keep in mind that i barely read and need books to hook me in and enjoying all these 15 reasons why 2017 was actually LIT articles where the only examples are like this smiling d nothing beats curling up on a cold winters day with a good book my friend told me he was going on vacation to cancun by himself and i didnt fully believe it until now ive been hoping my friend vernon would start writing online for years and the day has finally come. amazing job ver was probably too cold to wear a tshirt on the slopes today but fuck it. i wanted everyone to see my new ink (Famil promising my girl id teach her to ski this year and the first lesson happens to be holding my gopro for 6 hours whi im sure my girl doesnt mind when i tell her i need to zone out on the ski lift as i close my eyes and pull up a 2 2017 was a strange year new christmas episode of yeah, but still is up and it includes a segment on a certain genre of guy that inspired th this is a big day for people who think we want to see photos of their nieces and nephews on our timeline christmas is the solstice of big boy season. you may notice big boys are extra jolly today while weaker, lesser boy ever wonder if santa smokes? haha i think he does for sure. everyone leavs him cookies but this year im gunna leave wow this is wild anyone else ever catch a glimpse of a person in the distance and think god they look fucking dumb. i hope they don thinkin about when that girl from stranger things showed up on a skateboard and tried to nickname herself the zoomer lmao Santa Alert!! folks santa has been spotted over los angeles. i see lots of santa negativity and skepticism on this i cry every time i watch that scene at the end of its a wonderful life when george bailey realizes how much clout he has everyone flaming the shit out of this guy this week as if they dont have at least 3 close friends of their own who twitter is full of guys who recently bought 126 dollars worth of bitcoin and now post daily updates on their inves in 2025 the alt right finally destroys the mainstream media but are immediately disappointed when all the msnbc hos big boy season is a liberal conspiracy one of the greatest lies ever told is that new years eve is fun retweet if you cant wait to tip-toe across your parents house this christmas and loudly trip over a toy choo choo t i wanna bring back that 1998 era joke where someone walks in on u in a whacky predicament and u say dont ask!! haha nice clapback wendys. love it. it would be funny if you guys started pranking each other by paying your worke . came thru the studio (my living room) this week for a new episode of Yeah, But Still. friendship is all about those little moments when they know exactly how to make you feel special thinkin about shit only 1 out of every 100,000 joker posts have this level of purity i consider to be a journalist, and one of the most important ones. big shoutout to the indian dj named ajit pai who is politely dealing with people who think he is repealing net neut okay one more chief keef memory a few years ago i met him and he was hitting me up a lot last minute to film him p reminiscing about the time when chief keef was so popping in chicago that 60 year old reporters were forced to writ one of the most beautiful things ive ever seen: roy moore staffer trying get the sad crowd to sing along to a wors whenever i have to order new checks i try to make them as dumb as humanly possible. i served two tours of duty during obamas war on christmas it's a shame what the keaton thing has turned into. who knew that filming your child's most vulnerable, painful mom i need to issue a cw for bird lovers listening to the new pod episode today. brandon says a lot of disparaging thin i love anti-racism posts that are only meaningful to people that are already clearly racist. LMFAO woah some deep shit for everyone out there thats stressed about their next vacation i'm DJing at 11:30 for the record, all the typos and half sentence tweets i delete after 2 seconds arent mistakes. im just humanizing your age divided by 10, plus 15 is the age of soundcloud rapper youre allowed to be a fan of without being fucking weird imagine being as non-gay as this guy go literally anywhere in nebraska and look around, then look at the california coast and decide which one god doesn every viner seeing the news today then slowly walking to their closet to find this exact outfit collecting dust on hey heres that comment you said was made up. i finally found it. think you owe me and all the liste god i really miss the golden era of comedy before the fucking millennials ruined it being murdered would for sure suck but being murdered and then having one of those terrible true crime podcasts d woah interesting. thanks spotify! every big 'street artist is a tech millionaire that now sells paintings of like the statue of liberty injecting a pod boys making BIG pod power plays this week with our first guest Ezra Koenig of vampire weekend and neo yokio. every single tiny detail in this photo makes it so obvious what type of shithead this person is its like an iSpy if you roast somebody hard enough on here you should be able to take their verified badge absolutely classic meme! might even say its #Priceless :) as a millennial, the only thing easier than sharing an LO if we erased all the shitty stuff of the last year from the history books, 2017 would be a one paragraph chapter ab hey maybe a better rule might be dont sexually harass people being super pissed all the time cause it makes you cool Episode 2 of Yeah, But Still just dropped. honestly, please just subscribe to the damn pod so i can stop posting ab little preview of in the series i directed for which stars and many other in what dimension did destroying your own coffee machine in solidarity with a child molester make sense? owning the libs by putting a pepe sticker on my wife's boyfriend's prius a really hilarious and under-appreciated alt-right theme is that they believe liberals draw their power from extrem god this is so romantic sounds cool until grandma dies all over again as a tree and this time it's absolutely your fault shes been really dedicated about trying to make this a thing lmfao shepard fairey and Obey really just released a newspaper that reports massive, well known problems of mod for every man that gets exposed for his terrible crimes, there are dozens of guilty accomplices who knew and did no one great thing about TPUSA is that they make it super easy to find the cool people on campus i met actual rocket scientists and astronauts today. one of them has been renting a hotel room next to work for the what a cool and totally normal way for a journalist to describe a person just introduced my mom to and then walked away lmao cant even imagine what theyve been talking about 280 character tweets? is that what the world needs...? nah call me crazy, but i think the world needs a little m me & my fellow JROTC cadets put in work in & out of the school. I don't intend to flex upon you but I've earned 2 there should be a christian version of a bar mitzvah that celebrates a boy becoming a man the day he is able to grow a soul patch sorry it was the podcast this is exactly the type of review we are looking for thank you its official, me & brandon have a podcast hit us with those 5 star reviews, were trying to unthrone joe rogan asap the notes probably thanked their bosses and the free market for creating jobs oh no, im very aware that you dont want to please dont report me to the fbi! i am just a journalist doing my job. woah. images of the antifa hq just leaked. massive weapon stockpiles. faces blurred to conceal identities teens, please do not be mad at me for posting this. parents deserve to stay informed and keep you safe god gives me many signs that its time to log off and i ignore every single one of them hey sarah the first time ive ever been happy with twitters customer support the palace jacket is popping up everywhere watch your freakin mouth when talking about my boy bucko it really bothered me that in the stranger things chicago episode, all of the scenes would have taken place in the every day we get closer and closer to my dream of one day having a gamer in the white house you can learn a lot about yourself with this new photo search feature ive been dreaming of one day opening a restaurant that only serves meals that dad cooks when mom is out of town. we can rebuild him wow sponsor him now every year i dress as neo for halloween, i get stronger when i find a racist's twitter i enjoy seeing how long it takes to find evidence that theyre fucking insane took 3 they better not fuck this up wow the rick & morty halloween costumes have already started i think about this man a lot main halloween costume idea: suicide squad joker costume that i clearly spent over 400 dollars on amen! if we just give candy handouts to all kids with no candy, it wont incentivize them to trick or treat harder n been working on perfecting this master level playlist for a while avenge lil at all costs once again, liberals absolutely owned by college republicans this is accurate, especially matt. thank you again for the support everyone, i cant begin to explain how difficult and exhausting this experience has been. here we go. i hope everyone realizes how horrifying it is to have your attacker confirm it happened and deny he was I anticipate will soon be trying to cover up this situation and deny it. Let me walk you through a few things before he lies. thank you for all of the support so far. you have no idea how much it means. been an extremely difficult day. I know lots of people who are affiliated with so let me be clear. He is a rapist, he raped my girlfriend when she was just 20 Please read and retweet her post. she has been suffering because of this for a long time and is finally telling her when the boy scouts raised you to be a very normal person What Happened really could have been a one page long book featuring only a print out of this tweet just talked to a few real, not made up troops. what they said next will shock you... might delete later but thought i looked cute in this pic sounds hilarious dude we really gotta raise the minimum wage lmao people are mad that california rebranded columbus day wait until they see us change Thanksgiving to Sublime Day Verified twitter user Jack Wagner proclaims October 31st to be Halloween ancient aliens is a show about genetically deformed white guys who somehow cant believe anyone outside europe was smart enough to build shit lmao who the fuck edited this video and which version of imovie did they use? woah woah wait youre saying that all those fake goth rappers are NOT good people? didn't see this one coming. damn a normal brained human doing totally regular stuff thank you. been working around the clock. still trying to get the verified badge back wait is Blue Lives Matter not referring to verified twitter users?? my friend jeff walks by at :11 seconds in carrying a body on a barricade. he was one of the crazy people who stayed people, it's not required that you post in the wake of every tragedy. in fact it's probably better that you keep yo had to grind for this lifestyle this sounds like a line from toy story somebody please go pick up kanye and get him in front of a live camera maybe this generation wouldnt be such snowflakes if the heroes they grew up with. looked a little more like the h when i grew up, we had a little thing called Punk Rock. it may not have been for everyone, but it meant something. *heath ledger joker voice* its simple... we kill the democratic party a charity that pays specific people to stop making memes im ready for this week to be over not looking forward to iphone face id locking me out of my phone on days when im too hungover and shitty looking for it to recognize me as a playboy model, this is really difficult news for me to hear. i dont think i should be alone tonight. RIP hugh a wildly under appreciated post easily the last person they should have given the 280 characters to i cant stop laughing at him googling american flag banner and using the 2nd image as his cover photo this is the only type of meme i like anymore many brave men and women fought and DIED defending your right to use them as a political prop! not making any accusations but it is a little suspicious. this is the guy in high school who even got bullied by the theatre kids the funniest part about this NFL outrage is that literally nothing could make these angry dads actually stop watching football. i relate to this big plans tonight you are a coward if youve never tried jenkem i brought a couple friends into the writers room yesterday and they really brought that raw creativity and professi just a couple of regular people with totally healthy brains doing very normal things So my 13 year old can have sleepovers with other kids, but i cant ask kids to have a sleepover with me? hm... what centrist army ranks & medals donut emoji= private verified check= officer twitter moment dedicated to people dunking on you= sergeant there is an unreasonable amount of people named Matt in this world dude why are people wearing swastika shirts in your dream scenario of the future? whoop whoop just dropped limited run of these on for my juggalo family folks this is a good reminder to prep an earthquake kit *opens up pelican case that contains only a giant list of stores i plan on looting* the truth is, its not fuckin nice out when 1% of our country controls 42% of the loud i rarely tweet about positive things. im starting this thread as an ongoing list of good things i actually enjoy and want to recommend. lmao i need to do a thread soon of things that are good anyone raising their hand should know that the suicide hotline is open 24/7 toll free at 1-800-273-8255 if you need my fav new type of comedy show is ones where the star is also the head writer and they wildly exaggerate the quality of their dating life hillary and my mom could not be more different for instance, my wonderful mother absolutely deserves to look at me actually only a fucking sociopath would call them mozz sticks thank you, but i am just a small cog in the dark carnival machine! dude that obnoxious white girl constantly says ignorant shit & thinks clout makes her relevant the cash me outside thats because the only people who use nikons are 55 year old dads who shoot youth soccer with a 500mm lens i enjoy how bieber is actually just transforming into his hot pastor i know theyre coming, im not excited, but i am curious how people's covfefe halloween costumes are going to look ITS HAPPENING! THEYRE FINALLY GUNNA SHOW US MARIOS DICK! you can tell how many buffalo wild wings hostesses a guy has sexually harassed by how low the sleeves of his workou first person to smash one open and steal everything gets standing ovation 50% of creative project ideas involved vintage thrift store TVs fellow gamers: dont let the liberals tell you your ptsd isnt real doesnt matter if you served overseas or over the internet we support you jesus christ dude thank god its not easy being a feminist ally. you can get seriously injured from constantly patting yourself on the back so nobody has been more wrong about what i might like than the instagram explore page. be careful out there literally his one shot at briefly uniting the nation god horny ted cruz just WILDLY improved my night yea and were laughing at the few of you who still havent realized that promising literally nothing to those voters i love the covert racism that makes a person unable to comprehend a person voting based on anything besides the dem in the matrix, operators are required to get u into the matrix and find u an exit. how did Cypher get in & out by h funniest part of 911 conspiracies is the notion that the bush administration was competent enough to successfully execute literally anything under acknowledged result of 9/11 is that it was the precise day that mainstream nu metal died never forget. #remember911 LOL loving these people posting thirst traps on locations that are currently being destroyed by a hurricane. checked in with my family who's currently in the worst part of the storm theyre doing okay but may run out of ice soon (ice is for vodka) i don't care who you voted for, it's comforting to see our country's top ranking leaders working during this terrib xxxtentacion: yo i 100% did all of that shit. im guilty. xxxtentacion fans: vro im still not convinced. no proof at all. im in middleschool my dad & aunt somehow broke their ribs in separate accidents this week. family did not evacuate florida. currently in a blind persons house what more proof do you guys want? the matrix trilogy was okay. but you cant deny the flaws with- me: what bothers me most about xxxtentacion & others we let slide is that there are so many talented artists out there waiting to take his spot this response sums up the most toxic flaw of our culture. people have energy for mental gymnastics required to excu everyone needs to read this. when we let things like this get swept under the rug, the blood is on our hands too. wait fake chance and fake banksy are the same person and they are both completely awful watching doc about cartel money laundering shot of my building pops up realize theyre talking about my landlord lmao completely reforming the democratic party is absolutely the most important thing that we all must be fighting for in the immediate future if you for some reason think being a beer enthusiast is cool, do a quick scroll through the posts on #NationalBeerLoversDay twitter badge of honor this man is absolutely delusional happy birthday for some reason one of your posts has been in my garage for over a year. i just want to point out that Detective John Munch has been a character on homicide life on the streets, the wire, might go to burning man next year just to wear extremely normal clothes and ruin everyones photos a customer at the place where i get coffee every morning filed a formal complaint to the owner about me getting free refills my preferred gender pronoun is 'mans the troops are supporting me breaking news: if u dont look like lena dunham ur not a real woman oh cool, they make napkins specifically for the worst type of guy who constantly posts the most awful political hot All That invented twitter in 1995 burning man is an event where silicon valley people try to gentrify a random desert in only one week fellas, u cool with letting your girl leave the house lookin like this? woah this is deep *macklemore voice* yo our country is diseased and our cultures in a spiral who will find the cure when everyone wants to go viral? its 9am, you need to fuckin chill the next call of duty should be a realistic RPG that starts with you working at little ceasars and an army recruiter lies to you at the mall i want to start a band that only covers those songs from the early 80s where sports is the genre. you: sitting in rush our traffic upset me: somehow going 95mph in the other lane blasting takin care of business out of my red chrysler yall ever tried macro dosing LSD? not earliest but when i was 11 i saw him at portillos in chicago and said hi very very nervously. mood kanye tried to warn us about taylor this is 100% the era of music my kids will get tired of me lecturing them about tattooed in script on my back: FAITH LOYALTY FAMILY MINECRAFT FANFICTION sir you are disrespecting a future cajun navy soldier! in every movie, when the characters are watching tv theres always a weird old movie on because they are super cheap to license. dont you hate it when youre trying to work and then suddenly you realize youve been looking at hot pics of Jeremy Renner for the last 2 hrs? you learn alot about somebody when they're on twitter during this hurricane worried about massive corporations losing some money i would start looting on sight out of pure principle i have zero tolerance for -liars -thieves -bigots -people who do those giant 9 post grid photos on instagram im pretty sure my health insurance doesn't cover anything no, nobody has been told that. you are literally the only freak of a human who thinks about how the nazis used to f this is a perfect tweet shes just gotta go somehow mexicans still got shit on tonight i love that mcgregor probably didnt read the rules of boxing until the uber ride over woah, Corona just invited me to find my beach ! im still waiting for these boxing matches to happen people are saying mcgregor's advantage is irish spirit which basically means getting punched or passing out isnt embarrassing in ireland i just know for a fact taylor swift was the one in high school who reminded the teacher they forgot to collect our homework can't get anything passed these internet experts these days heartwarming im sorry but smoking weed literally makes you cool. taylor watching her album rollout on twitter rn i wonder if father john misty ever considered daddy dave dewy as an alternative name cue outrage from people who cant comprehend a political ideology existing outside the lens of a movie or book trilo i just straight up have zero idea what type of person is a diehard katy perry fan oh ya? lets see you mean dat way? anyone named Cheyanne has been in at least 7 fist fights in public Joseph Arpaio -Covered up multiple child rapes -Staged his own assassination -$56,000,000 in city payouts just for lawsuits against him honestly i think like 80% of trump's remaining supporters on twitter are just one guy using stock photos on multipl racism= solved folks! sorry, it may not get me clout, but i prefer browsing the LIBRARY over browsing instagram. you can have the retweet some super weird dirty work so far politicians dont realize millennials just wants a few basic things: healthcare education cartoons u can fuck downloadable drugs good morning everyone happy birthday one time i got this picture of you to be the most liked post at art basel. i also did thi we could have gentrified Afghanistan in way less than 16 years i can p much guarantee the new guy in charge of food safety has never thought twice about putting something in his i've noticed a trend lately that should be pointed out. thousands of fake accounts posting alt right rhetoric disgu imagine being baptized by matty who is also wearing hurley board shorts at the time. I am: male female have a structured settlement I need: cash later cash now Seeking: male female JG Wentworth idea: competitive smoking i finally basically forced my friend onto twitter. she is THE OG of the weird facebook world. high uh is anyone else planning on straight up buying new teeth in the future? everything started going wrong in the world the moment they arrested bobby shmurda wait, he had a difficult time in school after everyone in his college found out he's going to a neo-nazi rally? wha el chapo is back on twitter dropping some introspective gems this week its kinda hard to give a shit about SNL's trump is dumb hot takes when they had him on the show singing a drake s tina fey: eating cake and not paying attention is actually a form of activism! white feminism: YAsS QUEEN!! when he calls u a known juggalo requested intel report is by far the funniest way to describe scrolling 40 weeks back on a girls social media god damn how thoroughly did you just stalk me? please send me nudes! N u metal albums U nderarmour shirts D c shoes E cigarette juice S words the juggalo march is a peaceful protest against the fbi falsely classifying juggalos as a gang 1. juggalos arent intimidated by your threats 2. juggalos cant be killed 3. we dont pick fights, we end them 4. who dont even care that theyre stealing my tweet, just honored to be quoted as a juggalo spokesman will my children inherit my social accounts after they die? can i write clout into a will? posting today's fit as a gift to all of you who follow me just to steal my looks don't we have enough hicks in the white house already? honestly you couldn't even write this shit woah this is deep twitter needs a dislike option happy birthday thanks for putting up with me proud boys better stay home. our family carries hatchets, not mace. whoop whoop see you in DC what the media shows you vs what actually happened weird that twitter understands the sheriff of suckin u off but when you say white supremacy isnt a political belief its time for debate imagine spending time online defending the honor of neo nazis fighting nazis isnt the answer? seemed to work pretty well in the past when you know, we fought the nazis. MORE MILK!! to be clear, i dont advocate punching racists because i think it will make them not racist. ive just done it before and it felt really good en route to vegas if i dont use my Criss Angel Mindfreak Live tickets, the alt right terrorists win. right? today should make it very clear what the alt-right stands for hard to say youre not a hate group when you march beside neo nazis kill every nazi very hard to watch but important yea this is fucking horrifying Be careful who you bully challenge post 2 pics, 1 old 1 new. watch how many people react to your transformation god damn i would be hot as hell if ur man doesnt have to walk over to his stereo mid-smash cuz the Reel Big Fish album finished playing.hes not hittin it long enough ladies, if your man doesnt have to pause mid-stroke to restart his fidget spinner.he aint hittin it right ive played this grand theft auto mission before. should i go over and help? if witchcraft is real i bet the spirits get soo freaking bummed when they get summoned and realize they're in a brooklyn artist loft im honestly not sure theres anything i would rather not do young young thug there should be a separate uber rating for how creepy they are i wonder if he knows theres a guy named Future who's written multiple smash hit songs and mixtapes saying exactly t alternate headline: serial domestic abuser leaves eyes emoji comment on the instagram of woman who he previously ga probably good time to post these jake paul gems again my dad just called me, left a voice mail, texted me to go check my voice mail and then the voice mail was just its dad, call me the bootleg sugar ray shirt is a rare must cop item kids these days can name all the kardashians but dont know Kairo Seijuro. kairo died last year on a kayak how man god damn i was gunna say trump tv looks like a news themed porn spoof but the porn spoofs actually have much better god damn the lighting on trump tv is bad. how do you start your own propaganda network and only light it with a sin hey street artists: nobody needs to see Love painted on a wall ever again under any circumstance fellas, girls keep it a secret but this is how they want you to introduce urself when you meet their friends i was alone in my own bedroom. who cares? you kicked my dog son trying on the hat that goes with mommy's special white robe amanda knox so brave for speaking out for the real victims of the united states prison system: white women friends just dropped a very very sick film, Last Days of JKOWN, about an iconic LA skate spot. rewatching the O.C. and this scene where theyre in a sketchy motel is literally below my house irl did i just ge has anyone tried to bring back Affliction shirts post-ironically or is this a mission im gunna have to take on alone? it is the greatest of honors to earn this twitter verification medal. i am prepared to fight beside the brave bloggers in trump's replies tropical depression emily sounds like the name of a feminist instagram meme account the debut contemporary gospel album god must hate us all ahoy, please point me to the nearest dockside bar for i am but a sailor new game: selfie roulette -scroll thru contacts very fast -land on a name -send that person a casual selfie -no ex you actually have to go through an extremely bitter divorce to even qualify for a job in trump's inner circle. this industry tip: before meetings if they ask if youd like anything to drink, ask for a glass of cold milk. if they dont have it, be visibly sad anyone interested in joining my juggalo themed drag group Insane Gown Posse? remember when Donald Trump dodged the vietnam draft so he could stay home and play intramural sports? remember D.A.R.E. when they basically told us older kids might try to force us to smoke weed at gunpoint? new foreign policy strategy: steph curry just goes around the world and dominates every country in pickup basketbal leaving your deathbed to make sure the poor ARE NOT healed is very literally the opposite of christianity. every arcade fire song is about using a typewriter at starbucks not sure what inspired this but youre absolutely correct what is real anymore? me spitting into the dirt as i carve another notch into the side of my iphone: see those right there? i got one e im so down everyone: doing anything tonight? me: nah very im busy i love it when my friends say woah i just saw somebody that looks exactly like you! and then send me a picture of a really ugly person just dropped off a pallet of four loko in skid row and walked away. i have never seen a more stoked group of people in my life anyone good at coding? the denny's twitter: where jokes go to die Documents Music Los Lonely Boys Bad Songs This folder is empty the first person to call me on my birthday was like long before my mom or dad. he also sang the entire song before saying hi hey is anyone out there fluent in sarcasm? :) hey so is anyone in atlanta going to go rescue those women from r kelly's sex cult? imagine you already dont get enough attention because you have 9 siblings and then ur mom decides to spend 13 hrs a how tf did this picture just call 19 different technical fouls on my friends during a pickup bball game at lifetime i should probably not look at twitter because of tv show spoilers and also because my feed makes my mood significant worse every single day hang on, about to try a bump political twitter in 11 seconds YES was hoping he would keep this bit going! or should i say FITbit? hehe topical and hilarious larry the cable guy's twitter presence is almost entirely him apologizing for not recording his own radio show i just forced Dom to finally upload a profile picture so that i can retweet his slept on tweets guys are really out here on instagram calling themselves fashion photographers when every pic on their page is a girl wearing zero clothes guys from the suburbs who have face tattoos i wonder if the guy loudly explaining bitcoin to his date one table over knows how hungover i am or how annoying he is? who wore it better E veryone D ying from M olly lol maybe you should actually try to actually help animals instead of trying to get buzzfeed headlines? be v v vv cautious around streetwear kids this week, they just found out A$AP Bari is a sexual predator and soundcloud may shut down if you wanna look like you believed in santa until you were 15 and got in loud arguments with your classmates about if getting pregnant on a pontoon boat by a guy who went to 5 years of college but is now somehow a 24 year old golf if your summer plans are to drop daily instagram posts where you refer to your dad's ohio lake house as the beach AMEN! just gonna toss it out there that diplo is like an ideal level of buff. easy to be TOO buff and have it fuck with your career. oh cool another new classic barber shop i love getting my hair cut by guys who took the job because it fits their new rockabilly aesthetic thats only $400.05 less than the fine he paid for beating the shit out of 5 different women! i just fixed this, but for the record my tweets are always going to be potentially sensitive- i'm just a sensitive do all my tweets show up as potentially sensitive material? consider yourself warned Me and my little man about to step out tonight Hey Team, wanted to huddle and discuss the amount of sports references used in work emails. -J Sent from my Iphone ever catch yourself zoning out thinking about how funny it is that The Edge is named The Edge? all i want for my birthday is to be able to smoke in a bowling alley can i put Financial Commentator/Analyst in my bio now? what if vince mcmahon was actually behind the election hacking and this is all just the longest Wrestlemania plot s .and then came the dark day when the sheriff had to stop sucking and start shooting all of the imposter sheriffs. imagine the Snapchat investors asking the CEO what he's got planned to stop the stock from plummeting & he pulls up serious question: im doing 3-4 more shirts like this. what old bands would you like to see you laughed like an asshole when your grandma cut out family circus comics and mailed them to you, but she was actually pioneering memes me and both performed at brandons show tonight. by the time zack went up me and my girl were in the front row watching i am an artist my lens.the brush, her body.the paint. are we? i know this tweet isnt creative or anything but god damn ed sheeran's music is physically painful to listen to umm is she planning on rigging a bobber to a spinner lure? are those propbaits glued on her lapel? STOLEN VALOR if him and i ever meet irl and he just fully beats my ass, somebody better get a video of it for the gram hm. some of u on twitter spend too much time worrying about other people's business when you could be starting your OWN business oh. you're in the VIP line at the club? i'm only concerned about being in the VIP line at the BANK (to cash a check) 1396 RTs 5204 Fav yikes first thoughts on new 21 savage it gives me a lot less of that im about to get murdered feeling i had listening to the last album when anyone asks how my relationship is going i love a good lena dunham disaster. its like when u get to meet all ur neighbors who came out to watch a car crash on your block. bonding the world needs more old fashioned romantic types! lmao how is jay z allowed to go platinum on his own music app? fellas, which one is most important? true patriotism: it's the middle of the 4th of july fireworks and youre off to the side tweeting about hating CNN my neighborhood is trending on twitter because so much shit is being blown up and even more lames are tweeting complaints me doing mental gymnastics to rationalize feeling patriotic on 4th of july while simultaneously hating almost every just bought fireworks off craigslist in an alley from a nice man who had a monster energy tattoo sums up everything i love about my country do they list political preference on seeking arrangements?? how do these people get verified? irony of trump is that the media would let him get away with war crimes if he just tweeted shit like Barron just gave me a Fidget Spinner oh cool, you got turnt at the party last night? thats nice, but when's the last time you turnt the page of a good book? popping molly in the club to get high? how about pop in on an old friend just to SAY hi? hey everyone makes sure to record videos of the fireworks this 4th of july, im going to want to watch them later with you! my personal life coach Gjohnce giving some wisdom to the squad most accurate way to describe baby driver: imagine if the movie Drive was instead written and produced by the people who made La La Land i know i sound cynical sometimes but this is just a straight up hilarious lie i love that time when all the trees and flowers start blooming in los angeles get the fuck out of our city you insufferable loser these designs were not well thought out but you can still buy them on we deeply apologize me in response to the entire brand this is for some reason what facebook ad targeting thinks about me and it's kind of poetic. free personality test: it this outfit upsets you, youre a pathetic poser. the guys who want #heterosexualprideday probably wouldn't feel so proud if they knew how many years their wives have been faking orgasms are they legally allowed to post the contents of my bag during a search?? seems like an invasion of my privacy lmfao this alt-right instagram page legitimately posting this without realizing both of those pictures are of well cool new journalism techniques -article about another article -just describing a viral video -insert yourself as a character for some reason i recently realized i can take over the wifi speakers of my local coffee shop & started playing wwe theme songs 30 freshmen list lost all it's credibility when they left him off. doesnt care about real lyricists i cant stop imagining a republican senator having the protests explained to him like umm it seems to be a referen anyone wanna start making Breaking Bad costumes to protest the war on drugs? i call dibs on being Jesse! how about we just stop doing Cosplay at political protests? wow cool! US senators almost certainly watch new Hulu dramas and will all totally get this reference. if i had your job i'd only last about 45 minutes before getting fired for making a soundcloud DJ cry air conditioning is so good that part of me feels like it's unhealthy or bad for me to use it too much LMFAO journalist who looked at my instagram and thought oh this looks trustworthy being snarky about my grammar OMG they called me his friend! im sorry for making fun of tattoos. some tatted guys just told me to stop and everyone knows tatted people are not ppl you wanna mess with im the only person i know without any tats or ink which sucks cause i never feel very unique! im sorry but TATTOOS ARE SO FUCKING TIGHT!! i wish i had some myself yo tattoos are so fucking sick dude. i love ink better idea: do literally anything else i was out of town :/ i feel like twitter could use this template. enjoy when its 1am, the club is absolutely TURNT and i step up to the dj booth to start my 3 hour set lmfao the funniest part of this to me is how much it looks like joe budden is sitting on her lap like a little kid is handmaid's tale supposed to be a good show? if so i havent gotten to that part yet. this guy is a far more advanced version of me bet awards reaction to post malone vs 45 seconds later when migos walked out you thought you liked xxxtentacion but in reality you just liked somebody being mean to drake a drunk new yorker just informed me that people from new york dont take shit from anybody seems important thought you all should know has justin trudeau ever sat down looking like a normal person? hey fuck off Woodstock 99 long sleeves just dropped on when I die, show no pity send my soul to juggalo city put two hatches on my chest and tell my homies i did my best i got work off that is my new catchphrase and auto-response to any critiques of my personal brand wow i never saw this exchange wait, which alt-right twitter journalist is this? thisiswhatfeminismlookslike if aliens studied humans only via twitter theyd think feminism is a movie genre where women must possess magical powers to triumph over men Boss Baby was originally supposed to be Girlboss Baby but it was so feminist that pixar was afraid riots would break out in the theaters idea: a local pizza place in your neighborhood that sells tshirts with spoofs of iconic classic rock and punk band logos UPS driver just delivered blanks to put on rollerblades, circled the parking lot once, did a jump, then drove away shoutout to all my fellow sweaty people in general who sweat for literally no reason. i know youre out there, we dont need to live in shame whats the connection between thinking these images are cool and never moving away from the suburb where you went to making out with your date on the patio of panera bread so furiously that you briefly don't even remember the ex wife sorry babe but technically the sheriff is the one who does the sucking off dudes talk real tough online but when i tell em to square up and settle it they never show up in the xbox lobby?? the dudes in my girl's insta comments are on a whole other level i swear to god people on twitter think everything relates back to their favorite movie trilogies very proud to announce me and have a film coming out.heres the trailer just sitting here trying to wrap my brain around the fact that brandon wardell was raised by a member of the milita i hate this website i think know another sheriff willing to take the job... RT if you still aren't friends with certain people because they're preps tfw you saw garden state for the first time and decide to cut holes in your hollister jeans because youre gunna be stand up comedy is just analog twitter rehab by amy winehouse is so eerie now.almost as eerie as that nirvana song my wife isnt going to murder me & make it look like suicide philando castile tragedy was everything libertarians and NRA fight to prevent. they should have been in an absolute uproar but were silent idk what kinda school jk rowling went to but i find it hard to believe those kids didnt start making wizard vodka the second they got wands lmfaoo really just take a moment and literally imagine typing out this tweet sincerely in june of 2017 wow i made one of those tweet recap lists. wheres my veri check that tho honestly? hmm another new mario game and once again nintendo is too prude to give the fans what they want and let us play as nude mario your wcw is on woke instagram calling herself a POC cause her grandma is greek roses have their thorns, and love has it's temptations oh. youre still cracking cold ones with the boys.? lmaaoo lame. we only slurp crispy boys with the guys now gene simmons the only thing you possibly invented is being a massive fucking poser. go ahead and copyright that black is the new orange fact that is hard to believe: left hand free by Alt-J is in fact NOT a theme song for any reality tv shows about blue collar workers the floor is having to voice an opinion on literally any social issue because youre a full grown adult with a massi still one of the most accurate descriptions of 2017 cool new idea: we stop thinking it's quirky and hilarious when companies use our jokes to sell their shit wendy's can miss me with any more heavily staged viral moments heres an idea: retweet your staff's salary to dennis rodman just put more points on the board for america in 12 hours than the entire trump white house has in 6 now my tweet about another tweet doing better numbers than katy perry is doing better numbers than katy perry smh when i watch post apocalyptic movies one of the first things i think is damn they almost definitely dont have cigs. youre welcome imagine being the most followed person on twitter doing a 24/7 livestream to promo ur new album then ur tweets get weird that 70% of music released is rap but there arent official recognized subgenres. you never hear slayer & ed sheeran both called rock nobody has EVER finished a burger and ordered a second one at a restaurant but dads will grill up 6 burgers for each person like its normal if a dad is on the grill cooking for 3 people hes gunna cook no less than 28 cheeseburgers vogue-ing babadook is the only thing keeping me feeling positive today ouch i think i just pulled a neck muscle shaking my damn head so hard just now the radical centrist uprising has mobilized. you can take one sacred charm to protect you in the battle of the resi master of none season 3 wont even have jokes. just a food network show about aziz taking bumble dates to gastropubs & wearing tailored suits this is perfect im actually a massive, obnoxious poser by profession so i can DEFINITELY wear these t i was dangerously high in the desert. met a guy wearing a fedora & talked for way too long about lasers. long sto beep beep boop attention internet this is katy perry's computer i have been HACKED by computer hackers stream k just dropped a new one. $25 at people who post shit like people just need to learn to LOVE in the wake of tragedies are the most insufferable genre of human my friend sent me a video of katy perry dabbing alone in a restaurant but i feel too bad posting it just know that it exists anyone in the UK care to explain wtf is going on with both your party leaders squads? my life has gotten objectively worse since i started tweeting zoos shouldnt exist if people are outraged to see a tiger kill and eat an animal which literally all that tigers do strangers are incredibly eager to scold you for not putting your chubby dog on a diet but would never dream of giving same advice to a human attention! somebody is going to be snitching on live tv at the crack of dawn white people: in order to understand these guys insults u have to be living in like 2002 when wearing tight pants or a pink shir woah this is starting to get good bro make all the dumb jokes u want for now but youre gunna pay for what u did to xxxtentacion sometimes you gotta do it to em even when mother nature herself is trying to stop you from doing it to em with this blade i cut those who disrespect Matt Ox im just gunna say it. matty s cute sister w downs syndrome is what's keeping him from getting absolutely FLAMED i i love when people accidentally reveal how rich they grew up in the war against liberals, he fights the snowflakes and cucks. still havent seen a better post so far this year ever have one of those days where you just cant motivate yourself to get out of bed and do it to em? wow so apparently a lot of influencers are actually terrible people! wow i hate this guy you're on it i worked in the same building as the kony 2012 people when that video came out. i could not hate those people more The Place Beyond the Posts (2012) breaking news: sources confirm that fidget spinners are no longer a thing. more details soon. worthy opponent theres a weird trend of white people trying to convince everyone that they aren't white but still wanting to use all the white perks you dont actually have to be a boy to crack open a cold one with the boys but if it's a craft beer, it is 100% not a cold one im sorry James Comey des Garons this is the type of police work i'd like to see more of. good job boys if your phone gets wet put it in a bag of rice. but then, cook and eat that rice. let the data absorb into your blood and become part of you i love seeing people who believe in horoscopes and crystals act SUPER CONFUSED about how trump can ignore the science of climate change for the culture imagine being dead for 55 years then coming back as a ghost to find that youre verified on twitter and tweeting in LA junkies are on another level. woke up today to find a guy sleeping in a shipwreck outside my building and i live and god help anyone who dared to disrespect his queen. woah really makes you think... god i wish banksy would do a dope as mural of like trump as ronald mcdonald shooting a heroin needle of money into the statue of liberty has anyone named those verified bloggers who feel heroic replying to trump's tweets quickly or can we call them Trump First Responders? Newsroom season 4 is just gunna be Will McAvoy as a verified twitter user in trumps replies saying YOU SIR, ARE A MORON! 500 RT 7000 fav instagram still not having a mute feature is borderline inhumane wyd after smokin this?? lmao media doesnt know this is e-slang all millennials say after a hard day online C-ellphone O-n V-ibrate F-or E- these shirts now for sale on v important message: if our elected politicians wont defend i told my gf early on that it might be wise to keep our relationship 100 percent offline i think now she is finall thinking about life as a 90's music vid director when u made 60k off treatments that were just you guys dance in a room and we zoom a lot just got shaken down by mexican cops and they spent a solid 10 mins looking through my iphone camera roll cant image what horrors he saw my body is my journal and my tattoos are my story good times attention streetwear fans: this jacket is real and officially available to cop at honestly nothing more annoying than american guys who try to casually use british phrases like calling beers pints people don't realize that in montana you have to body slam somebody to get elected. it's actually required by law. damn if cute is what he's still aiming for he's missing lmao chief keef was only 2 years older than this when he recorded the Bang 1 mixtape do you think God stays in heaven because he too lives in fear of what he has created? please help settle one of the dumbest, longest debates i've ever been in. what is a hooded cotton sweatshirt with a zipper called? its TOOL TIME baby! let me see your best ones flexing encouraged why tf did i just make this your mcm owns $300 worth of Carhartt workwear including overalls but he only owns this exact tool kit and all the your wcw/mcm thinks organizing a bunch of found images with a similar vibe on their aesthetically consistent instagram makes them an artist person who runs that page 100% still wears a dad cap with drake prayer hands i support this beef star wars trivia: C-3PO was almost kicked out of the rebellion for being too horny! R2-D2 was created to stop him f hahaha EPIC prank katy perry! theres no such thing as ethical capitalism - 10 minutes into meeting my mom for first time some people who i like in person have an online presence that bums me out so hard lmao if i am that person for anyone, i am genuinely sorry teens are making up fake 'missing friends at the ariana grande concert to get RT's. this is so dystopian what's really upsetting right now is that i feel like were at a point where hearing a kids concert was bombed is no longer surprising at all yesjulz is the human version of katy perry yelling offset sheriff david clarke looks like the nonspecific army guy characters from command & conquer when the game couldn't woah never thought about it that way old people just go to the movies literally show up to the theatre with no specific film in mind and pick one i got really high one night a long time ago and took this pic. ive seen it in so many memes since then getting incr one group will protect you the other will try to kill you choose wisely how do these youtube stars have 5 million followers yet none of them have stepped up and given them a new haircut t young dro actually had really emotional lyrics about love but whenever he got too sentimental he'd throw in a car reference outta nowhere hahaha i love a good prank dude ive heard that some people are getting bullied because of their fidget spinners so i made a list of comebacks that no jeremy, you cant check your gmail on my gaming pc. and if u touch my LED lighting again, ill cut your hand off w mom i dont give a FLIP if he understands. i'd rather DIE than let your boyfriend use my dungeons & dragons table at the staff of Joe's Crab Shack is real freaking progressive until i start putting on my juggalo makeup inside their gender neutral bathrooms if i hear ONE MORE wisecrack about my JUGGALO makeup I SWEAR TO GOSH ill drive my Chevy Malibu straight thru this fucking JOE's CRAB SHACK youre at whole foods when suddenly this MF starts asking ur girl to model for his homie's new stetwear line cause democrat party? republican party? maybe what we really need is a PIZZA party! -every brand's twitter account me and are starting a cult totally mood rompers are out drive thru uniforms are IN folks ur crush became goth as a full grown adult and deleted all the pics of them wearing arpostale and lucky brand jeans off their facebook your mcm paid for a thrasher shirt at zumiez with actual money your mcm started paying for tidal so he could listen to 99 problems by jay-z in lossless format your wcw still dresses health-goth i think is actually going to make and sell this my ability to voice my political opinion is greatly inhibited by the laws that make suggesting violence towards an elected official a felony hm not sure if this person is qualified to be telling anyone what is corny official ruling: fidget spinners fidget spinners help treat adhd in the same way that wearing drug rugs help treat being extremely stoned all the time im so sad instagram deleted my WholeFoodsSilverlake account. but im glad the legend lives on thats another hilarious critique. oh yea sorry i havent invested all of my money into a market ive watched crumble trend ive noticed: everyone offering advice to millennials is usually some old fucking loser who has a dumb life i dont want anyway lmao romper jokes bum me out because it's pretty clear that the bros who made them were hoping for this exact viral outcome if kylie jenner gets 2 million likes on her selfies. lets see how many likes we can get this US military hero. this is all insane. prayers going out for my friend weeder- apparently hes doing okay/talking. this guy is the michael jordan of inserting himself into situations his female family members are meant to enjoy an historical moment: first time the word jackwagon was used by somebody besides a pastor after being cut off in tra 'social media? more like ANTI social media! pull your head out of your phone and TALK to eachother for once! -person nobody likes you honestly cant make this stuff up folks nobody has ever overheard strangers chatting and thought to themselves they sound look cool people! imagine: 1. insisting on going to a high school prom with your own sister 2. hiring a photographer to document it .. .what? anything dads dont understand get called a pokemon CNBC is literally just a tv station that exists only to broadcast sharktank one hand may be fidgeting but the other is always holding hers as the world spins.so do we. just realized that some of my elementary school teachers were probably banging eachother after work i call this piece unleash the beast yo what are the chances you approve this collab with a rogue detective kicked off the force a madman finally pushed over the edge just gotta point out that every acti goodnight internet lmao honestly we should start retweeting ellen's again to take away the record from that annoying ass nugget kid looking forward to all the sick documentaries im gunna watch as a grandpa about the trump era when miley says shes going back to her country roots this is what shes talkin about lmao a year ago this video i directed for came out. there may one day be a sequel- no promises. i would like to hereby nominate this for white people shit of the year you can go ahead and miss me with any instagram page that is aesthetically pleasing and consistent holy shit if you type into twitter it automatically links to a website me: hey in the future. the president can just be an ipad. think about it. if hasn't drawn you, are you even living in LA? general note: i spell things wrong ALL of the time. i have a difficult time writing by hand, often writing out of order or skipping letters the world: ok we have cities without water, thousands of uncured diseases.science what do you got? science: a ro after you defeat every intellectual on twitter you must face me in my final form excuse me sir do you have any dangerous or metallic objects on u? *i rip open my Pelican 1500 case filled only wi been waiting a long time to say this to you . now THAT's Lobsterworthy! analog twitter would be a room where people i sort of know tell me the worst things/people of the day and id go in that room every 20 mins damn.all the snowflakes are going to be missing out on the opportunity to shoot ads for local arcades using a fol it should be super difficult for men to buy guns but we should just give every woman a concealed carry permit on her 18th birthday its illegal to ask about an actor's sexual orientation at casting imagine asking nervous actors auditioning to pl holy shit i havent been this mad at a member of Kings of Leon since the last time i heard a Kings of Leon song ed sheeran fans turn off every single light in the room before they fuck and just pull their dick thru that little flap in their underwear when your girl catches you scrolling 19 weeks deep in a thot's IG the picture on left was nominated for best kiss at the mtv movie awards the picture on the right wasnt. someb twitter has exactly two moods lately ive been thinking a lot about when the world so calm that our president was out playing saxophone and gettin THE BOSS BABY CAME TO MY HOUSE IN REAL LIFE!! *OmG he came* (REAL! not fake!!) please like & subscribe this is the future liberals want fellas, studies show that adding these simple items to your wardrobe increase your chances of getting laid 100% this dude is easily one the best people i follow on social media the whitest thing that some white people do is try to convince other people that they aren't white ya okay canada we get it, you have a human buzzfeed article as prime minister quit rubbing it in hey everyone don't forget to tell your friends TGIF today! T he G lobe I s actually F lat behind the scenes: yesjulz apology video If you want to call your senator who will be voting on healthcare bill soon the capitol switchboard is (202)224-3121 they will redirect you. sick idea for a movie: the main dude has a gun named kindness and he says gotta kill em with kindness hahaha that shit would be so badass! i cooked sloppy joes last night miley is the girl in high school who went to a 3 day christian camp and suddenly isnt cool with her friends cussin miley cyrus: down to earth, humble, just ur average struggling millennial 1. lol okay miley, after u co-opted twerking as if u invented it and smoked blunts on camera w any rapper u could f kirk franklin has been launching some tweets lately that sound like he wrote them right after deciding not to go in oh shes latina now? lmaoo liberals have blindly worshipped a wall street ad as a symbol of resistance yet we wonde who are good people to follow on twitter? dont say yourself i want all of my twitter arguments to end this way tip for music industry: if you want to fix your rampant sexism problem, start by not telling women what they are allowed to be offended by joe budden has zero tolerance honestly, it's wild that sales calls are legal in 2017 haha cute, everyone who does cocaine at the met gala in one pic imagine being a 95 year old war veteran and your shitty ass grandson shows up on easter and asks you to hold a sign hehe thats exactly what its like in case any of u normies out there were curious papa what are you doing?? just add swords and the #metgala becomes the craziest final fantasy convention of all time every War On Drugs song sounds like a guy staring contemplatively into a sunset then slowly cross dissolving into a flashback what would u do with a time machine if u could only do one thing? before i had internet i rode my bike to my friends to download a limp bizkit photo on a floppy disk then rode home to use it as my wallpaper katy perry is like the self proclaimed cool teacher who wrote a song about algebra to the tune of baby got back & made the class sing it better safe than sorry in this house we know the matrix is a documentary oh my god the Fyre Festival movie looks terrifying if i was a dictator, my first move would be VERY similar to fyre fest as a way of kicking out our worst millennials. more ferrel dogs though if twitter was hacked by a teen nobody would notice for days maybe even weeks HELP! staff at #fyrefest have placed a series of traps on the beach! i saw an ice cold heineken in this hole & fool the reality of #fyrefest is god's punishment for anyone who saw the fyre fest website and thougt wow hey, i should go to fyre fest! been dreaming up The Calamari Mixer for a long time and creating the algorithm ever since. too long for one video w i said sorta half joking that memes would die in 2017 starting the day after the election but now i think is almost certainly true this is what memes are like now: when ur tryin to turn up but couldnt afford a good fake ID memes have become people posting already funny images/video and adding a literal description above so they can feel like they created it i hope my children see this image in museums one day calamari wednesday there should be some kind of tax write off in los angeles for having to live near some of the worst dudes ever moms always know best hey shoutout to moms real quick! the final straw was noticing somebody was using my twitter handle as the name of their edm duo new twitter handle, same mediocre/borderline not good at all tweets. okay i officially got a big boy twitter handle, RIP if twitter feed turned into a person so brave if i ever off myself and send out suicide tapes dont worry! they will mostly be filled with unreleased sublime demos Or Comptons , whom Rihanna recently called her new favorite rapper. free SNL skit idea: marshawn spicer what the fuck are these 1:05 minute youtube ads recently? dear diary: its been one day since i moved to the big city and its not as scary as mama said it would be! PS: lovin WHOOPS SORRY I SPELLED SOME SHIT WRONG ON THE LAST TWEET COULD RELIKE THE NEW VERSION?MY BAD! WE COULD PROLLY SAVE A SHITLOAD OF MONEY IF WE LET MONSTER ENERGY PAY TO PUT LOGOS ON OUR MILITARY's SHIT PLUS THEY WOULD LOOK TIGHT AS FUCK i want to develop an entire tv show based on the alex jones skits LADIES if ur man ever tries to tell u the one thing u have in common is kind of liking the movie breakfast at tiffanys LEAVE HIS ASS you know, sometimes things happen that dont need to be reported as news is crack just cocaine dabs? father forgive me.for i have sinned anyone outraged over president obama being paid $400k to give a speech clearly doesnt know how much dj tiesto gets paid to DJ off a US umm lol.that's really more of an impressionist painting BE CAREFUL WHO U CALL UGLY IN MIDDLE SCHOOL!! lowkey.female me could get it anyone know anyone at that can give me the handle? come on guys I will always RT this video no matter how many times they post it Girl Boss and Boss Baby titles show that our culture believes a woman being in a position of power is as unusual as a newborn baby CEO imagine getting an email saying your instagram was nominated for an award and this is your instagram i was informed that i lost the shorty awards for IG to girlwithnojob. it was an honor to even be in nominated next lady gaga's music is about as weird and creative as taking a picture that looks like youre holding up the leaning tower of pisa coachella highlight my brain exploding at future wondering if anyone is on my level then noticing on the e sometimes i go to roast some random back but their profile is overflowing with material that its better to let the god i wish los lonely boys were headlining coachella future is the only person at coachella performing music. i feel bad for all the shirtless buff guys at coachella. nobody told them that being buff isnt cool anymore the link and build your own pie special fake news your mcm says he used to be a pretty popular mash up DJ around his college campus am i the only one suspicious about o'reilly and tomi lahren being fired? i feel like the conservatives are up to something fellas, tell ur girl u wanna be cucked! C ared for U nderstood C herished and K issed E very D ay our president has yet to even MENTION today's holiday. pretty sad! best part about yesjulz internship is if you can afford it you are already successful and if she cant just donate the $$ herself, she isn't. oh.lol u think ur online? lmao thats cute u merely adopted the posts i was born into them molded by the does this offend you? this flag used to mean something, our ancestors lived mas defending this flag and i wave it p brandon's level of comfort right now at taco bell corporate HQ makes it clear he feels very at home i have felt like recently content and media is extra terrible but i just had a realization, maybe an obvious one, that makes me feel better moment of silence to remember all the tweets i delete after 3 minutes because they are too dumb or mean i think i cracked the case guys white soundcloud rappers are always doing some weird shit like this with their hands in photos lana del rey is a reverse cinderella. a rich hollister model who dreamt of one day escaping to a life of trailer pa this spotify feature needs to chill tf out and let me enjoy songs thats a weird way to say post malone let a fast food restaurant pay him to sponsor his coachella performance its called fbook live! birthdays, picnics...users can share their happiest moments and were like 98% sure nobody w has there been a viral facebook live video yet that doesnt have an innocent person getting hurt or murdered in it? wow this could be an absolute game changer if it's confirmed. if the world was a good place, hans zimmer would bring future out on stage tonight and perform a full symphony version of mask off honestly don't watch the steve stephens facebook video it's one of the saddest things i have ever seen fyi lacroix is from wisconsin and it's pronounced lacroy. people who pronounce this gas station soda with french ac the funniest thing about coachella fashion isn't the appropriation, it's that driving 1 hour outside of LA makes wh as a Music Fan, im feeling very welcome here totally has anyone used snapchat in 2017? when you're an 18-25 year old white girl looking for a creative way to decorate your new apartment hey if there's a ww3 draft...im assuming those of us ranked over 30th prestige in call of duty will i havent heard 21 pilots what do they even sound like?? \\um kinda like this hat\\ 13 Reasons Why remake starring me but instead of tapes its DMs to meme accounts and vine comedians who's awful content drove me to my death 13 reason why: should i watch it? um, it's called punk culture sweetie i wanna believe this is the first thing charlie murphy sees in the afterlife hard to describe look of shame on my coworker's face when he noticed i had been watching this video the entire time imagine having 20 million followers and tweeting shit like this in response to the syria strike, russia is embargoing their biggest US import: blurry amateur porn shot in rooms with super weird wallpaper if adidas and puma threatens to cut off all supply of track suits to russia we can resolve this whole debacle by the end of the week. fyi: if an airline bumps you from overbooked flight and youre delayed more than 2 hours, they owe you 400% of your ticket or $1300 by law. father john misty's pranks and trolling are only amusing until you realize his music sounding like Michael Bubl isnt part of the joke in the future everyone must be shamed online for 24 hours on a chosen day but also everyone gets to be a DJ we are all born with equal vibes in the future there is no race or class only the verified and the unverified i dream to one day earn that check to pass down to my children die hard radiohead fans are the type of dudes who went into hot topic and paid $17.99 for this shirt in high school radiohead fans: reception at coachella can be really shitty so you may as well start tweeting about how good their set was now always buy a before you get on a flight in case the police come to re-accommodate you! dang i understand. my dad used to re-accommodate me so hard haha he mostly re-accommodated me with a belt, breaking news: father john misty has been a sacha baron cohen character this entire time! i wasn't kidding. I actually mapped out a potential cast for a Romeo & Juliet remake starring kim and kanye. i'm op woke up at 6am to work but instead i wound up mapping out a loose plan to rewrite romeo & juliet with kim and kanye united: 911? this person is refusing to give up his seat. police: okay, that isn't a historically symbolic situat smh no good deed goes unpunished if a line of white people forms, other white people will get in it. doesnt matter what the line is for. the giver holes tangerine the acorn people hatchet shiloh running out of time maniac magee where the red fern grows new signature online argument tactic The Wagner Echo Chamber 1) mid-argument delete ur last 3 replies 2) comment wtf are u talking about? i hope everyone is having a good day!! if not, remember that most people are mean because your success highlights their internal failures! in other news pitchfork DID give the good review they deserve this album is awesome pitchfork has become the drunk stepdad of music criticism. album scores depend on if daddy is in a bad mood after a hard day at the mill mgmt: boys, album drops in an hour but the US just bombed Syria, may interrupt the rollout chainsmokers: bro WTF?? i wonder how harry styles reacted when syria news broke b4 his album drop he was prob like AW BLOODY \\ELL! BULLOCKS! ME NAMES ARRY STYLES it's okay not to weigh in on things you know almost nothing about. im not weighing in on syria. only rolling eyes hard at crocodile tears from ppl who think we havent been dropping bombs daily for 16 yrs. the obama admin launched over 7000 airstrikes in syria over last 4 years. my only point is how amazing it is that p trump bombs syria: wow what a psycho. i guess this is how WW3 starts. obama bombs syria: hahah tight! are there any vids on liveleak yet? everyone in my feed scared talking about WW3 and doom. look, im upset that they dropped a new album too but we wi greatest national security threats: -acoustic covers of rap songs on youtuber -lack of instagram mute feature -rachel dolezal you have to be 10 years old to go on the new Jimmy Fallon ride at universal which is also the age you have to be to find his jokes funny. okay who is running the twitter? what stage of grief am i on if im laughing hard at stuff like this? your mcm pulled out his phone to shazam a song at a bar and the song was Cut It by OT Genesis honestly thank god for the verified check sometimes im like is this THE jamie, freelance writer at Brooklyn Daily Food Blog?.or a fake? my gf complains to me that her job running this twitter is stressful anyone who thinks that pepsi ad was intentionally controversial is WILDLY overestimating the sophistication of thei would u watch nascar if all the drivers were drunk good organizations to donate to rn: this dude just hit a weed vape and a juul at the same time and called it a silicon valley spliff oh my god ok how do these gorillaz motherfuckers make music. first of all theyre cartoons. second of all, cartoons arent real. 0/10 for only 10 dollars, u can get ur ass kicked everyday at school *takes a single hit of weed and sips a can of beer* i feel like hunter s thompson it fucking rules how this is all fox news does now had to grind for this view ceo of ihob has been doing a little too much bocaine commercials are emotionally manipulative (gaslighting) therefore all shoplifting is ethical quentin tatantinos 2 main interests are literally feet and the n-word this dude that stole a tank and got arrested follows me on here and i cant help but feel solely responsible if ur not having gay sex during pride month ur homophobic proud to finally announce that yesterday i got hired as the head writer of roseanne :) the long-awaited episode is up have u ever hit the juul so hard u see god ichiro was wearing a tom and jerry shirt when he met michael jordan in 1995. we dont talk about this enough drake snapped on duppy freestyle awoga *my jaw drops and my eyes pop outta my fuckin head* hubba hubba hell yes pimp me: imagine eating bacon w elon motherfuckin musk and deadpool my ex wife: can u PLEASE pay ur child support i hate when im trying 2 get oh this is nice high and accidentally get i can feel the blood inside my body high its summer 2013. u just finished community college. real college is coming up and u just got into weed. u listen 2 the obama netflix show is gonna be obama playing a single man living in new york city trying to navigate the standu name a song better than daddy wasnt there by austin powers. u cant *obama voice* let me be clear, im on tour in june :) (atlanta, nashville, houston, austin, dallas, chicago, grand rapids, detroit) imagine if u will a lofi chill beats to study to music festival. no mosh pits. only study pits. no molly. only adde name 3 more, bitch dont speak on kanye west or mental illness unless ur cousin has stolen a laptop that u were fucking bitches on u either die an artist or live long enough to see yourself become a podcaster good morning students, im a substitute teacher but im a COOL substitute teacher. i love listening to this brock ha its truly literally not fair how good donald glover is at this point holy shit fuck ASMR: Me Reading The Entire Cheesecake Factory Menu Brandon Wardell: An ASMR Album June 1 (produced by Ricky Reed, cover art by Zack Fox) auditioning to play a teen in a 90s movie our little cousins borrowed our podcast equipment and made us upload the episode they recorded, im sorry. i swear to god this is not me btw finally met eminem my friend mentioned drugs in the uber so i changed the destination to jail bow wow r u ok hey boys. cold brews for a bold crew. cheers to us *i get my fuckin ass beat* why is amanda bynes in shes the man just me memories of a better time sometimes me and zuckerberg get blazed and he shows me everyones data, its hilarious just signed a huge deal ! matt damons agent: stop yelling at me matt calm down matt damon: i didnt ask to be bourne logan noo um yeah of course easter is on april fools day. makes sense because u gotta be a freaking FOOL to believe in that n i think trump has eaten pussy less than 10 times my new hobby is going 2 raves and recruiting kids on mdma 2 enlist in the US Army timing the edible 2 hit in the middle of a haircut i 100% disavow no jumper and adam. this is disgusting and i really regret being a guest on the podcast in 2016. i d LOS ANGELES, CA SUNDAY APRIL 8TH AT i just watched eighth grade and its sweet and funny and it emotionally wrecked me and ur gonna love it so much and i apologize for letting woody allen direct my upcoming webseries. i didnt know who he was at the time and he was a friend of a friend i wanna play martin shkreli in the inevitable biopic i simply cannot engage in any sort of soundcloud rapper drama on here. im 25. too old for that stuff. i drink almon im just focusing on me lately. im drinking more water, eating more fruit, scamming divorced women online into think i will no longer be selling AR-15s at the merch table after my shows hey whats up logang it's ur boy white house communications director logan paul jesus coming out of the cave after 3 nights morning affirmations which one is it, ice-t a bumper sticker where its deadpool pissing on calvin, whos pissing on comic sans text that says pc culture. al how about instead of chainsmoking u chain eat apples. feels good, tastes good and its good 4 u if u wanna join farmers only do u have 2 like, send proof that ur a farmer or do they just trust u. do u have 2 upl if u cant handle me at my __ u dont deserve me at my _ theres nothing more terrifying than a couple that like, LOVES cocaine too normie for the weirdos too weirdo for the normies extremely catcall voice yo tonya ive decided that wearing hollister is punk now every brand has a bad irony twitter account now. raytheons gonna drop a tweet like makeing bombs lmao fifty shades: what if someone touched ur nipple during sex america: dam this is some kinky shit wait what the fuck ? i wanna give sufjan stevens a kiss on the lips ! whats his email address have we learned nothing from the dam daniels and ken bones of our past all the players get 2 carry a gun on the field i cannot think of a scandal more soul crushingly embarrassing and haunting than being seen in public reading a book literally everyone in the entertainment industry used 2 eat paper 4 attention in elementary school can't stop thinking about this fucking wild part of the new radicals u get what u give music video where a sunglass LOS ANGELES NEXT TUESDAY 2/6 AT ! me (feat. and more) ! $8 ! 21+ ur a 29 year old woman? ok cool ur playing a sexy college student wait ur a 30 year old woman? ok cool ur playing a grandpas wife now i dont normally like 2 get sincere on twitter but today, two people who have helped me a lot got their first oscar what if subway jared was never fat n he jus bought a pair of big ass jeans once n they were like ur hired buddy instagram has made hot people an oversaturated market. its boring. its corny. its pass. i wanna see A LOT more uggos this year the truman show was windows 98 black mirror top 3 d&b: 3. drum & bass 2. dave & busters 1. yup, u guessed it folks. dick & balls thank u for following me. be being anything less than bisexual seems like a waste of time and resources comedians in tanks killing civilians steve bannon looks like he cums chowder he knew new episode of yeah but still (feat. n a brief visit from president george w bush) been staring at this youtube thumbnail for 30 hours LOS ANGELES - come 2 on sunday 1/14 for my show w my friends. theres a special secret guest wow u i thought this dude on my flight was a vine star but he was just a regular non-viral teen w dynamic eyebrows russ steps up 2 coachella stage ur not doing drugs. drugs are doing u he says the other bands stop playing. cro logan paul would have dropped the wildest 9/11 vlog in 2017 i jacked off 2 porn but in 2018 im going 2 jack off 2 the new yorker black mirror season 4 spoiler: a man fucks an xbox n then he turns 2 the camera n goes absolutely mental innit barron trump is at my DC show n tried 2 sell me coke smh WASHINGTON DC, i have a show tonight n then im leaving tmrw i love run the jewels hey heres an idea: Adultz Bop. they add cuss words 2 all the biggest pop songs. its 4 cool adults who love 2 cuss there was no jake or logan paul merch under the tree so i set my familys kitchen island on fire lol wake up DO NOT shower drink a can of diet dr pepper 4 breakfast rid urself of all demons via jacking off buy a town lmao what the fuck is this complex: today we're going shoe shopping w celeb celeb: i like shoe complex: dope celeb: shoe is good spoken like a man whos had sex do people still use tumblr 2 post pics of lana del rey w yellow subtitle text that says like smoking cigs makes me horny article: this PoC is a king who is absolutely slaying 2017 me: oo nice :) article: his name, is ajit pai i tried texting RESIST to 50409 but it didnt work shoutout 2 doug jones 4 not molesting kids. now that is some good shit big mood im here w my son, dildo. hes getting bullied at school bc i named him dildo. im the one bullying him btw. im also his teacher Eb major in the streets D major in the sheets last christmas, i gave u my ass but the very next day, u told me im gay should i delete this 2014 tweet teen me: im never going 2 sell out in my goddam life adult me: hey whats up guys im here at E3 2 say that doritos are swag At one of Taylor Swifts meet and greets, there was a little boy who waited in line for hours. He told Taylor that hey there lasagna whats it like in garfield city i love edibles i love being a fuckin dumbass whose entire worldview is changed based on whatever the last documentary i watched was TEEN PARTY FIFTEEN (15) SATURDAY DECEMBER 9TH NO MORE TEEN PARTIES IN LA THE FINAL TEEN PARTY LOS GLOBOS i deleted this so fast dude u are looking INDIE tonight. that shirt is fuckin indie! those jeans are indie too. u are looking like a certi kill people burn shit fuck school MTV tried being woke for maybe three (3) months. they were like the moonman is a moon PERSON now n then they were my darkest era in life was when my boys would come over 2 watch victorious w me. high school senior year. no girls. this is the scene where linus explains pizzagate mom. dad. meet my gf. *record scratch* mom: ur gf is. dad: president donald j trump? *walking on sunshine star if u care about podcasts, tweets, and/or jacking off, protect net neutrality what if u were raised by wolves n u went home 4 thanksgiving but its jus the woods why are all of my heroes getting exposed why didnt logic call it suicide hotline bling one of u guys is gonna fuckin ruin thanksgiving dinner bc ur mom doesnt kno the difference between a neoliberal an im in an uberpool w two (2) people who jus met. the man pretending 2 care was like what kinda music do u listen 2 self care is the MOST important thing ! :) wear a facemask. drink water. take a nap. take a bath. quit ur job. po im on the forbes 30 under $30,000 i jus went 2 the mall n got circumcised at claires extremely drake voice i dont usually do this unless im drunk or im high but im gay right now cant wait 4 us 2 get fuckin nuked bc trump called kim jong un a bubble butt baddie ya im a foodie wait ... what if... theres a 10 year old in an eminem beanie that keeps kicking my seat on this airplane. alpha. i respect him. hes my dad now $1.50 bananas at the airport? wow. fuck. dude. have u ever read the book 1984 from high school classic patrick star quote 2020: extremely popular rapper lil eggplant drops his hit single xans and mountain dew w lyrics like damn bitc everything u do on adderall feels like ur creating facebook folks,, me n jack wagner have a podcast now :) the first episode of yeah but still is out today u may find urself in a beautiful house with a beautiful wife and u may ask urself. THIS TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 7TH THE SATELLITE, 21+, $8, ETC. BUY TICKETS ON THE INTERNET how am i supposed 2 trust my doctors when they all use like, windows xp HOLY SHIT WHAT THE FUCK why was this on bin ladens computer. NYC: friday november 10. im doing a show at new york comedy festival. 8:30 n 10:15. rockwood music hall :) buy tix trump should say hes gay in court 2 try 2 make everyone forget about why hes in trouble built a house up on that ass, thats a manafort this man really dressed as the sheriff of suckin u off why did joe in the back have 2 do it 2 em um dont mind if i do lol u conquer twitter via jokes u conquer insta via being hot u conquer fb via giving birth A Lot , but u conquer linkedin via being linked in proud 2 announce after a month of northern virginia community college graphic design classes, ive already been hir my wife doesnt want our son 2 go 2 culinary school but i think we should let that boy cook george w bush. the w is for. woke :) [loud nightclub] hot model: what do u do me: i made the youtube poop where luigi says hes gay hot model: what me: (slightly louder) i- i refuse 2 sit here n pretend that passion pit didnt have bars im gonna tell ur dad i think its ok 2 have sex w people that have tattoos but not ok 2 have sex w people that have bumper stickers most of the people who make 69 jokes online do not 69 in real life. it is merely a joke 2 them a young hollywood intellectual meeting of the minds TEEN PARTY FOURTEEN (14) NEXT FRIDAY 10/20 @ LOS GLOBOS. 21+, FREE, ETC. I CAN't ANNOUNCE THE SPECIAL GUEST BC TH im glad it's cold outside again so i can wear cool jackets instead of having a personality im wild late but holy shit this album is so good bro. eminem snapped during that freestyle when he was like in the 3rd grade, i thought that i was gay cause i could draw u need a dangerously high IQ 2 appreciate this fan art the new eminem freestyle is insane morty we gotta yell at *burp* some m-minimum wage employees about limited edition meme sauce gee rick i don't know if homeboy comes thru in these, it's quiet for him but if he comes thru in these, homeboy's gonna like, g nerds are bullies now im on the new episode of lovett or leave it w talking about this week in #politics more dudes at music festivals should wear those tune squad basketball jerseys ! beautiful day in chicago dicks out for gun control rise n grind tweet jack off listen 2 fly by sugar ray listen 2 fly by sugar ray listen 2 fly by sugar ray aight back 2 sleep for sale: tech deck, never used official dsa x pornhub collab he's about 2 break up w u u ever find out someone who claims 2 be ~indie~ online used 2 be a horse girl r/trees I Smoke Weed But I Still Did My Social Studies Homework And Got An A+ 5000000 points, 6500 comments these shoes make me wanna wear a clear backpack, develop a xanax addiction, n send nudes 2 a generous/horny old man does tucker carlson make any other faces besides this one lol uhh is this official m&ms merch what the fuck im going 2 do standup comedy in chicago, madison, n austin next week. austin details TBD ! no i hope u get 0 characters russia honestly has the best prank show of all time My IQ is 163. For those of you unfamiliar with IQ, this means I have genius-level intelligence. I get straight A\\ rebranding as the verified kim jong un twitter account felt like a dangerous game so i stopped Those who call J. Cole trash, an artist who consistently delivers food for thought. I believe they're afraid to t theyre making a live action rick n morty movie. im morty n bernie sanders is pickle rick. the budget is 1 billion dollars hi every1 im new *holds up spork* my name is katy but u can call me t3h PeNgU1N oF d00m !! here's a bunch of hurricane maria relief funds u should donate 2 that aren't the red cross walked by a dude who i think was on a first date n heard him say enough about me. abby, whats ur favorite death grips album i feel bad 4 the dude who created this website 2 talk about sonic w his friends n then the president is using it 2 threaten nuclear warfare ~ THIS TUESDAY, OCTOBER 3RD ~ MY MONTHLY SHOW @ THE SATELLITE. IT SOLD OUT LAST MONTH SO BUY UR TIX EARLY. 21+. $8 good morning, it's dj envy, angela yee, charlamagne tha god, we are the breakfast club. we got a special guest in the building, barron trump whoa the worst trend is food trucks called like amazeballs burgers where the cashiers cuss n give u a $20 bacon motherfuck burger or whatever michael how is this basic im socially liberal but fiscally horny hm finally a smoothie for guys like me i forgot this stressed me out yesterday too many horny singles in my area. i had 2 move u ever get so high u become asexual ~ TEEN PARTY CHICAGO ~ THIS FRIDAY @ EAST ROOM ! FREE, 21+, SURPISES MAYBE ? IDK i bet she did why didn't this work im thinking about becoming horny at some point this week i love 2 play an entire episode of wtf w marc maron in the club blake is playing only soulja boy songs don't buy his music. don't buy tickets 2 his concerts. unfollow me if u fuck w this dude. don't support abusers. it's my birthday today stop saying u hate rick n morty when what u rly mean is that u hate nerds im turning 25 at midnight hell ya man i can't wait 2 fuckin uh rent a car at a significantly cheaper price how about an all female reboot of, the patriarchy 50000000 100000000000 TEEN PARTY THIRTEEN (13) FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 8TH @ LOS GLOBOS. FREE, 21+, V GOOD LINEUP, ETC. :) what if kanye said that n then mike myers in panic mode was like ya baby ya groovy baby do i make u horny baby *extremely blink 182 voice* hello there the ansel from my elgort hey there delilah pls send pics of ass and tity THIS TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 5TH ~ MY 25TH BIRTHDAY SHOW ~ THE SATELLITE. 21+. $8 (ALL PROCEEDS GO 2 HURRICANE HARVEY is there north kpop is this a good idea lil posted this in 2010 they made us do a book of compliments for each other in 2nd grade. what the hell was this, troy *extremely nickelback voice* look at my dick and ass being bill maher was fun while it lasted being taylor swift was fun while it lasted being ed sheeran was fun while it lasted it's me, ed sheeran. cheers mate. jolly good. i love getting head. over here we call it going out for fish n chips lol kings, if u cheat on ur queen, ur not a king. ur a freaking jester the most alpha shit 2 ever occur on gundam wing i am going 2 name my daughter TaylorSwiftVEVO n i am going 2 name my son TaylorSwiftVEVO also taylor swift? i've only heard of, jonathan swift. here's a MODEST PROPOSAL, how about turning off that dumb ass shit n reading satire me, on land: what kinda goddam freak drinks tomato juice me, on an airplane: yum yum yum it's tomato juice time bitch woo folks, steve bannon is getting replaced by *turns 2 my drummer* drumroll pls *drumroll* barron trump blasting vaporwave on a beats pill can't wait 2 see steve bannon play twister w jimmy fallon on tv next week i kinda wish my therapist would call me a pussy sometimes i will not let the liberals destroy this statue. this is my heritage it's (burp) real hip hop, morty. these are (burp) conscious bars folks. my man is talking about sucking off jesus christ instead of jacking off i will protect u from the nuclear war sweetie skrillex looking fine as hell lately. dam bro is this a death grips album cover LA: BRANDON WARDELL N FRIENDS @ THE SATELLITE THIS SUNDAY (8/13). 21+. $8. SPICY LINEUP uh oh. looks like im seeing more of my old man in me u mean 2 tell me that mr peanut's name is dick peanut n his car is called the nutmobile kony 2012! i think he can still win yum. dike coke pls fellas, would u kiss a girl for 20 billion dollars Justice League (2017) why isn't jeremy corbyn in the charli xcx boys video every ig model's comments looks like 50000 horny borats all proposing at once i was busy thinkin bout boys no babe,, OUR name jeff james showed a what would diplo do clip on watch what happens live last night n andy cohen thought i was the real america is already great *extremely jay leno voice* jacking off is in the news. have u seen this. have u heard about this. crazy stuff. u can touch ur own dick folks a man yelled at me for trying 2 get into his prius. i thought it was my uber. if u drive a prius in LA, it's an uber. i don't make the rules im thinking about the rachael ray FHM photoshoot again good morning LA math is that one (1) green juice cancels out ten (10) lines of cocaine howdy, im the sheriff of sucking myself off. im gon suck myself off having a shitty president makes all interpersonal problems irrelevant like shut the fuck up bout ur breakup stephanie i dont have healthcare psy promoting the nut job is absolutely my favorite shit ever bradon what an absolute legend im the motherfucker eating potato salad on the train *extremely blink 182 voice* where r u? aziz ansari, i cannot sleep i cannot dream tonight she find pictures in my email i sent this bitch a picture of my dad on lisztomania it sounds like the phoenix guy is saying too late too late jugalette too late jugalette as in like, a female juggalo. dam this man asked me 2 sign for whom the bell tolls during my aux cord dj set if someone is pretty they are a good person !! RIP thank u for letting me promote dirty grandpa last year sweet disposition by temper trap plays as a man prepares 2 jack off 4 the first time. the beat builds. it's so inspirational. audience cries Baby Driver (2017), but instead of ansel elgort, it's me n im jacking off n i don't have a car is america ready for a british doctor who holy shit im in my college class (social studies @ harvard university) n the atheist professor said god is gay n a marine student shot him hate slamming a door on accident n feeling like i need 2 come back n be like that wasn't a passive aggressive gesture. we're on good terms why isn't the education connection girl on the xxl freshman list WASHINGTON DC: im at the kennedy center on 7/21 standup set w my friends at 6pm aux cord dj set w my friends at 1 im varsity in jacking off i have fully lost my fucking mind i hate twitter so much for this living in the future is weird im mad at the internet bc they stole my joke about a cowboy sucking off dudes n made it wholesome FUCK OFF im banned from costco for being too alpha ur not a real gamer if u don't kno about this how bout instead of eating a hot dog u join the navy seals fourth of july is coming up british women love 2 call u bruv during sex baby if u can't accept that im always gonna love my truck more than u then i guess this relationship jus wasn't built ford tough LA: the next brandon wardell n friends at the satellite is 7/9 :) wow what a dang lineup ! this july, im doing standup comedy w stav in DC, philly, n nyc :) on july 4th im gonna lady n the tramp a hot dog w one of the troops #NewProfilePic the best thing u can do for urself is drink a ton of water n coffee n then jus fuckin piss n shit all day the 3 words every girl wants 2 hear: chainsmokers featuring coldplay TEEN PARTY ELEVEN (11) FRIDAY 6/30 @ LOS GLOBOS 21+, FREE, SPICY LINEUP i don't deserve this top two (2) important moments in music: 1. when selena gomez is like i mean i could but why would i want 2 2. the beat drop right after im the uber CEO now. they saw all my posts about their app n asked me 2 be the CEO PHILLY: im doing a show on 7/22. im gonna uh suck off rocky n eat a dam uh philadelphia cheesesteak sandwich i wanna fuck the girl car but bc it's progressive when i was a little kid i was literally afraid 2 say anything bad about eminem bc i thought he would find out this is the episode where elaine finds out her bf is in the DSA tf is going on over at the lifetime movie network dam bro im looking like a snack bro i might suck myself off no homo his father was a drinker and his mother cried in bed r u down sucking off a cold one w the boys u could have it all, my empire of dirt i will let u down. i will make u hurt rise n grind tweet jack off watch the OC on hulu eat chicken parm before 11am aight back 2 sleep me, in high school (unwoke): all my friends are fuckin gay as hell me, as a proud woke adult: all my friends are fuckin gay as hell :) howdy. im the sheriff of suckin u off. im gon suck u off socially drowned in the pussy fiscally swam 2 her butt lil wayne created neoliberalism when he said young money democrat . that's a lil something called woke capitalism i guess im a sapiosexual. cuz i love getting brain. i keep thinking about this picture of jonathan lipnicki at bow wow's 16th birthday party these are foods i eat in my apartment who cares what's the joke here. there's no wordplay or anything. is it post-modern im gonna do 500 push ups n sit ups n listen 2 the clean version of the eminem show michael bay, apologize. my son barron thought the transformers were real. he pointed at a yellow car n said is that bumblebee . no u loser felix has a new wife this guy seems cool if u drink liquor store milk, u get superpowers. they never talk about this in school or in the media this is what blue balls is like gf bread is gluten free bread? i thought this was girlfriend bread. what the f if someone's changing a baby's diaper next 2 u n u accidentally see that baby's dick? bub, ur going 2 jail. too late. i don't wanna hear it. countries using this website 2 send simpsons gifs at each other is some good shit. happy 2 be alive 4 this im gonna suck off all the troops im 24 n by my estimate not on pace 2 be 25 sitting on 25 mil dam it really be like that olivia the queen should be allowed 2 un-knight u if u agree 2 play the shit emoji in the emoji movie is dads n grads a porn category yet i got an xbox where my heart used 2 be i fuckin hate LA so much never fired this one off is this officially licensed cars 3 promo i think the best art, is about, how people use phones more than they used 2 use phones i've never been this stressed watching anything is this run the jewels last night took an L but tonight i ate ass fav street in NYC? broadway fav street in LA? sunset blvd fav drink? water fav food? sandwich what redbone would sound like if bernie would have won what redbone would sound like if disney princesses had body hair teen party in NYC @ rumpus room this thursday :) teen party in LA @ los globos this friday :) both are free as hell n 21+ i love how the church of satan has a verified twitter account woke up from an edible slumber n this was on my screen every successful young rapper should be required 2 give 10% of their income 2 lil when i see a raccoon my instinct is 2 raise it blocked n reported i jus woke up from a nap n this is the first thing i see what the fuck penn station? more like peen station. i keep sucking off dudes waiting for the train! im eating alone on the train :) but im gonna close my eyes n think about chilling w my boys hehe :) lmao wait why does all of victorious feel like an extended porn intro this was absolutely made by a virgin j cole: so this one time,, in my math class, i got a boner n jacked off logic: a mute is stronger than a block bc a block gives them the satisfaction of a screenshot. a screenshot is content. never give ur enemy content i get knocked down but i get succ again goodnight LA ! im doing a (monthly? ) standup show w me n friends at the satellite in silver lake ! :) the first one is i've been told that saturday is for the boys but according 2 some recent personal research i've found that everyday is for the boys :) have u ever seen hayley williams n lil uzi vert in the same room do u like this character i drew r u guys going 2 that dorm party later? dam. my social studies class has me stressed out, brother. i cant wait 2 underage drink tonight hehe i refuse 2 get horny. i've channeled all horny energy 2 my brain n education. my brain is fully erect from thinking about social studies this dork is gonna be president in my lifetime dam idk ur not good at the internet until u ruin ur real life who tf is making this shit. what's wrong w u. pls stop it u kno we had 2 do it 2 em we had 2 kill vine 2 protect the children im in me mum's car broom broom is the kinda wholesome viral content i miss whose middle schooler is this local twitter user 1: *goes viral once n bumps it 1000 times* local twitter user 2: dam this blew up! don't forget me when ur famous haha this is some inspirational stuff pls don't play steel drums around me i'll start thinking about girls gone wild infomercials from middle school n im gonna get a half chub last name fogle first name jared like a sprained ankle boy i ain't nothing 2 play with how tf is there menthol in my kiehls body wash n that keeps my body clean but menthol cigs won't clean my lungs? something don't add up sent my bitch 2 the store cuz we ran out of soda norm macdonald is still the funniest person alive im experimenting w crossfading me deleting all my 2011-2016 tweets n acting like nothing happened happy mothers day why is dinner the meal people choose 2 fuck after. that's too much dang food! people should fuck after a light lunch or before dinner. c'mon i love finding out someone has rich parents n then having like 200 of my questions immediately answered me on facebook vs me on twitter im bilingual what do u speak im fluent in,, sarcasm that's not a- holy crap lois what, that's not even s- peter griffin this bitch ig story length lookin like dam lord of the rings for sale: boss baby suit. never worn. im only communicating thru sonic fan art now i agree that the nuggets kid should have asked wendy's 2 end racism n gender inequality the ig live chat got out of control why did i look like a minion this is basically me sonic u can't live ur life like this should i start my set at this concert where no one came out 2 see me specifically like did y\all teens hear about breaking: timmy thick appointed as new FBI director i miss nick's tweets hi this is hannah baker n ur listening 2 the joe rogan experience what if a virgin blasted cigs im about 2 get kicked out of my own apartment bc she hates my lil wayne voice wow sick her: whats ur fantasy me: can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars? i could really use a wish rn wish rn wish did everyone see trump's new banner why is the fortune inside this cookie an eminem quote i guess that's why they call it window pane being caffeinated while unemployed feels wrong how bout a bottle w a tiny dick increase minimum wage bc i think it's safe 2 say working at mcdonald's is absolutely 100% harder than anything i've ever done for money chilling w ur boys has no gender hello yes i would like 2 buy a happy meal toy n nothing else nice book u got there. in the time, u read that one (1) book, i'll read 500 bluray back covers. thats a lotta movie descriptions u dumb ass im watching the movie where cameron dallas gets expelled but he loves getting expelled bc he's cool n wears sunglasses thank u can't stop thinkin bout eminem saying that the terrorists meant 2 hit the shady records building on 9/11 this is the kinda weather that makes u wanna cuddle w all ur boys :) a different time in america 50 years since harry potter, the children's book, has been released. j.k rowling announces all the villains were um actually bernie bros i sincerely believe spring breakers is the greatest film of all time i saw this guy blasting the motto by drake from his parked truck n swinging nunchucks w both hands. i wanted 2 film him but he had nunchucks me, age 8: the quarters have states on em. i should collect em :) me, age 24: mom what happened 2 those quarters. i lost control of my life push me 2 the edge my friend's dad gave me head GOT SUCKED OFF BY THE BABADOOK?? (NOT CLICKBAIT) THE BOSS BABY IS MY DAD? (NOT CLICKBAIT) stanced up on a friday night n u kno we had 2 do it 2 em this girl i don't kno slides in my DMs everyday 2 send me pics of her dad bro,, chef gordon ramsey is smoking mf seafood blunts bro it's fucked up how doing chores while drunk feels like superpowers rape shouldn't be a pre-existing condition sexual assault shouldn't be a pre-existing condition it shouldn't be something they get 2 decide *watches oppa gangnam style* um. i think im in that weird part of youtube again xD why didn't this work jimmy fallon: so i heard u were on vacation recently celeb: ya, i- jimmy fallon: don't switch on me, i got big pants hey if i wanted 2 eat an italian hero i'd suck off robert freaking de niro she is my fav comedian the horniest fact was the friends we made online along the way *looks up from a book im pretending 2 read* hey kids, there's nothing gender about climate change if u use this emoji: even once, ur on the sex offender registry. only thing protecting u is if it's in quotes n ur explaining laws im at the met gala w all the celebs Hide your girlfriend. I'm headed out for the day. im professor satan n uhh welcome 2 hell 101 bitch decline the edibles kicked in n hacked into the mainframe date night hehe :) folks are really in their kitchens like dam im gonna make some fuckin disgusting shit so that gordon ramsey will maybe quote tweet me social experiment: chilling w my boys :) hearing an song during the silicon valley credits made me so happy :) for more on climate change, we go 2 our correspondent karlie kloss w desiigner in the science fam zone thank u horny facts RIP grandma ~ LOS ANGELES ~ im opening for at next tuesday 5/9 im gonna do standup and/or aux cord dj idk yet im glad i paid $10,000 2 watch 50 shades darker in a hotel room why does christian grey have an android lol this bitch is sexting someone w an android how do u stay down when u see that green text where should we eat seafood in seattle rn THIS. gf keeps meeting family n goes brandon took our friend's son 2 boss baby n cried during the movie n then cried again while describing it u guys are missing out on some good shit by not following my friend zak from high school story of my life arthur chu is chaotic evil ken jennings is lawful good i pulled up 2 seattle n immediately fucked around n linked w ken jennings crazy how cole sprouse was in big daddy n now cole sprouse is my daddy :) should i piss into the ocean hehe :) if u live in seattle, u can date my cousins. lmk A hristmas arol hotel has a beautiful oceanside view n the room is nice as hell but my gf is stressed bc the tv doesn't have bravo r.i.p. bill o'reilly im afraid people will find old tweets of mine where i like, capitalize sentences n shit im worried that im a bad influence on children the new fashion trend is not tying ur shoelaces. people will be like what the heck, tie ur shoes n ur like shut up grandpa, it's fashion asahd is the boss baby asahd is the boss baby asahd is the boss baby asahd is the boss baby asahd is the boss baby asahd is the boss baby this was one of the middle schoolers at the show ln. she was like can u pls dab in a pic w me? i promise it's iron shallow hal casting director: hey we uh need some fat uggos. the joke is that ur a fat uggo but he thinks ur hot fat uggos: ok um sure what does this mean im in seattle so u kno i had 2 fuck around n suck off frasier crane why would u do this :) ludacris invented acting this is an important document candid pic of me n my queen dam . *extremely im in seattle voice* im in seattle this was ig live after dark im off the kush n feeling positive queen fuck 12 is this porn the pacific northwest fuckin owns portland is a good city n tonight was a good show i think 24 is when fucking up stops being endearing n then everyone gets mad at u uberxD tell me where 2 eat in portland uh forbes idk if this is as progressive as u guys think it is there's an old man in a maga hat at my terminal should i slap him n then do the nae nae?? for the resistance i've got a feeling (o) that today's gonna be a good flight folks,, why isn't there a straight grindr like a grindr for me 2 fuck other straight dudes i think ima get wild into yacht rock this summer. im serious. pls send me ur favorite yacht rock songs if u live in portland or seattle this week come see me live i want ur money i gotta stop talking about apps man i went on a hike today n it was beautiful nature is, the original app n we should all log on more :) grateful 2 date someone who's never made a boomerang anyone who posts a boomerang is a fuckin psycho don't switch on me, i got big plans (i got hamilton tickets) wen u get head hey ... umm what's up guys hehe .. . all my friends are bread push me 2 the bread fetty wap was on my lax 2 newark flight a couple weeks ago but i didn't post about it r/relationships/controversial is truly the funniest shit silver lake thrift store wyd guys i'd rather nudes n sexts leak than like, pictures of me making kissy faces or texts about how i miss cuddling all i wanna do is *gun shot* *gun shot* *gun shot* and uh *cash register noise* watch boss baby what if the girlboss fucked the boss baby tbt 2 tax season *extremely phantom menace anakin voice* now THIS is podcasting there's a lot 2 unpack here w this account basketball is my favorite sport i love the way they dribble up n down the court the boss baby is real n he is my friend it's lunch time. send me pics of ur lunch. let me see that lunch! send me lunch jpegs the boss baby is a flawed neoliberal but he's cute every libertarian alive is a virgin alex jones type beat the flight attendants recognized me from online so i got drunk in coach n ruined my life roberto clemente lowkey thicc andrew was giving me a ride so i sat in the backseat n did uber roleplay *a full grown man hops on the bathroom changing table 2 change his own diaper* rogue papa johns staff have u ever been 2 space? this is what being on a rocket ship feels like i keep walking around this room alone saying protestant/martin luther/big meech/9-11 truther in a rick ross voice n i can't stop if i start doing a weekly standup show in silver lake will u guys come 2 it eating unfrosted pop tarts is a lot like having sex w a condom on i did an interview w splitsider n now it's online so, it's 4/20 u kno what the fuck it is u latte sipping liberal coastal elite snowflakes may be ok w having COLD BUTTS but real americans like 2 have WARM dang ol president oval office gotta have me some dip !! yee yee $3 small coffee $4 medium coffee $5 large coffee $15,000 coffee w yesjulz all in all, i think i have truly posted a disgusting amount of times o my god taco bell is a brand that believes in living ms. u are all examples of the live ms mentality if i gotta go 2 family court, ima make it look sexyy if i gotta buy adult diapers for myself, ima make it look sexyy let's have a toast 2 the gamers let's have a toast 2 the admins clay, welcome 2 ur tape listen 2 this track bitch !! girl the way ur moving, got me in a trance DJ turn me up, ladies it's ur chance taco bell is a brand that believes in living ms. u are all examples of the live ms mentality choose ur fighter wanna start the morning w the rest of 13 reasons why? she asked, sipping coffee ya , he said they smiled at each other unemployedly aaron hernandez taught me it's ok 2 be weird pay up bitch #NewProfilePic hey guys, this is a hacker! i hacked brandon's phone n found this video. i hacked his phone. - a hacker ya, that way ! this is actually tru butthurt BEEN over for years however,, buttmad, is in hm. wait what the fuck what did i do maybe time for a swedish travel ban dam. #wow #whoa #italiano president trump has appointed hopsin as the secretary of real hip hop this came out two (2) years ago wow coachella 2017 i want 2 ghostwrite thirst trap captions 4 ig models people will be like she's hot but also writes like a fuckin twitter savant sheesh ok im back home from coachella u can unmute me now lorde is a queen n also, a princess people are absolutely going tf off 2 the pirates of the caribbean music at the hans zimmer set im lucky n corny dam shawty ok is this legal why would u try 2 give people desert aids what do u think jesus was doing in that dam cave sincere thought: everyone needs 2 appreciate n support their local minor league baseball team more i baked a delicious easter dinner 4 us. the family all flew in for- sorry grandma theres an open bar at the Beats By Dre party *extremely hbo documentary narrator voice* this is the math class desk where j. cole got his first boner. he jacked off in math class lmao i love it when u call me boss baby fav part of coachella is walking by people making their friend take a photo of them looking at the ground pretending 2 be introspective *im running up 2 u fuckin like, panting n sweating profusely* bro have u heard of odd future wolf gang kill them all no matter where ur at in ur career ur never above a left side make some noise right side make some noise everyone's coachella outfit is stressing me out if ur a boy at coachella ur the chainsmokers if ur a girl at coachella ur halsey wow queen swet shop boys in the mojave tent at 1pm ! there's too many very important people here hehe cocaine, or as i like 2 call it, nose kush what is this a bunch of dam dr seuss dildos or something i mean cmon im the guy who shows up 2 coachella in a xxl eminem t-shirt n keeps getting mad when i realize an artist isn't gonna bring out eminem i love how when politicians\\ horny texts leak it's always like beautiful queen i cannot wait 2 kiss ur boobs n touch ur uhh vagina n legs ahahahahaahah fuck tomorrow all the teens going 2 coachella for the first time coachella weekend 1 is when the celebs go. they do coke n go 2 parties n ignore the actual fest. weekend 2 is when normies appreciate music Is This A Look don't wear thrasher if u don't kno who this is (it's tony hawk) asahd did the david byrne vocals come in yet i land in LA n play unwritten by natasha bedingfield in my headphones n smile @ everyone around me n reflect on life n every1 is like who tf whenever im on an airplane i love 2 blast airplanes (feat. hayley williams) by b.o.b. on a beats pill n im like guys, this is about us :) my man over here knows how 2 party the news of our collab leaked i guess zek if i lived walking distance 2 a dunkin donuts i'd fuckin ruin my life it would be good bro hold my tears o so u don't like pranks huh hmu if u have a space for me +1 in ur coachella house. im plugged in every other department for this weekend beside bout 2 get fuckin high as shit parents house field report: i found my space ghost costume n my taekwondo belts henlo twiter watching golf is an act of class warfare president trump loves 2 piss at urinals w his pants n underwear fully around his ankles L to R: small brain, big brain, galaxy brain imagine the dude who runs this fuckin account lol been had polio im gonna buy a whole fuckin big ass ice cream cake before i get on a dam airplane new york city is,, a better city than los angeles only real new yorkers kno bout this i got kicked out of a LAN party in high school once bc i made fun of my friend's rubber ducks lol im, at a bar this is a good own right here yesjulz off that loud blount hehe :) im in new york city it's a good city genie ur free holy shit i mean c'mon im the CEO of pepsico a preview of set tonight at brown university I GOT AN HONORARY DEGREE FROM BROWN UNIVERSITY time 2 come clean n admit that i wore that one red american apparel hoodie throughout all of high school bc of that 1 childish gambino video i absolutely refuse 2 support the man who wants 18 million retweets so he can get free chicken nuggets for a year ur disrespecting a future US army draft dodger u fuckin psychos are tweeting about WW3 like u want it 2 happen so u can get ur quote tweets n threads off u dumbass freaks what the hell all the verifieds are going 2 be the first ones 2 get drafted im headlining tmrw night at 10pm. i think u can only get in if u go 2 brown or RISD. sorry ! i don't make the rules bro this hit a lil close 2 home small brain: politics is harry potter big brain: simpsons predicted everything galaxy brain: nato is like duece bigalow: european gigolo who's coming 2 my show at brown tomorrow at 10pm im gonna do an hour of standup n like half of it will be good is opening this man put out his first solo single n it's soo good coachella n tax day are so close on the calendar wow the lord giveth n taketh away RIP don rickles what do u mean by you people we don't read the same blogs no more i can't wait 2 die on the jimmy fallon ride at universal orlando uh who has a room available for me +1 for coachella moving 2 the big city n immediately self-sabotaging hm ah yes *im holding my ear like im a reporter on the field* im getting reports that steve bannon got nae nae'd on me n jack are,, doing a podcast give me money asahd is, the boss baby 1000000000 rts 10000000000000 likes one will kill u, the other will protect u don't bother coming 2 this party bro there's absolutely no cherry coke zero it fuckin sucks great replies, fellas mrs nesbitt was fine as hell bro goddam i was a star varsity athlete who loved 2 dunk n yet, im being remembered as,, a Nerd. mandela effect? a wise man told me that if u eat 12 ounces of shaving cream u never have 2 shave again big little lies is perfect wow goddam ~ IM PERFORMING STANDUP COMEDY AT SOME CLUBS N COLLEGES IN APRIL N MAY ~ what if boss baby blasted cigs convinced my friend 2 let me see boss baby w her son while her n my gf take a walk n go not see boss baby 9 more seasons, morty. 97 years where is ur boy tonight i hope he is a gentleman everyone's bout 2 be mad about mcnugget dipping sauce now there's no tougher titty than a psychotic break making fun of people's looks is bad n wrong n i would never- ur tryna use disney bucks in a caesar's palace rn nice saturday u got there,, would be a shame if someone ruined it rob schneider doesn't understand hashtags lying is not a prank or a joke lying is a sin april fool's day is a sin oh free earl this kid i used 2 do tae kwon do class with in middle school now tries 2 catfish everyone on facebook into thinking he's a big room edm DJ 9-11 was actually not a happy hour. wow. i love getting fin dom'd by the IRS. thats my kink. tax season more like uh boner season. taxes? thats uh some sexy shit right there, man the new kendrick is amazing n i acknowledge that but i do think it overshadowed camron rapping over a thousand miles by vanessa carlton everyone on the great british baking show is adorable n nice n in it for the right reasons :) embracing that bruno mars is good is when i reached my final form. now i am euphoric boi he bout 2 do it adam pulled up in the all lives matter air MAGAs excited 4 the new twitter update where they come 2 ur house n break ur laptop n phone w a hammer friendship w cold brew cancelled matcha is new best friend snoop dogg is the king of body positivity i think this brave satire makes up for ruffling trump's hair a month before the election can u tell i used 2 eat paper in school for attention hm a loaded god podcast, cock it n pull it The Great ritish aking how one man's block n report is another man's like n subscribe my son asahd successfully dismantled the patriarchy brits are mad @ me 4 saying the great british cooking show n not great british bakeoff. um fuck off m8 im not calling fries chips either young hollywood is out of control im addicted 2 friendship :) have u seen my son literally no one on the great british baking show ever raises their voice at any point. all the contestants are so nice :) have u heard this guy the weekend yet i want my aby ack aby ack aby ack hili's aby ack ibs arbeque auce trump: do yall kno bout susan anthony ladies: trump: susan anthony? more like, women shopping ladies: t If Ivanka Trump Were Doing Literally The Opposite Of What She's Doing, You Would Actually Like Her. Put That In You is this a pornhub category yet found the cultural appropriation section of topshop have u had ur free eer ample today ? hehe everyone on the great british baking show is so pure. watching it is by far the most comforting activity possible literally if the only media i consumed was the great british baking show, i would be a better person. i'd be like, so fuckin calm n centered i took an afternoon nap n had a vivid dream wherein unwritten by natasha bedingfield was titled problematic n it was my favorite song having a vague bio on twitter is a classic defense mechanism no passionfruit is like video game home screen loading music, but the video game?? is life. the video game is life. the video game? it's life i see both sides like chanel the great british baking show is so wholesome n positive .. belt Get Out (2017) i made a pilgrimage 2 mecca ugh no we forgot 2 do this ... im blem for real the boys are back in town im in miami b*tch slightly inappropriate hehe it's gonna be may bottom text who tf says making love r u a psycho im at a korean rave this fuckin rules bartending is my passion why does stav's bitmoji have DSLs we pulled it edm? ya i've heard of it im losing control of my life that's how u kno it's good this ruined my life right here LIKES 12,852 PORTLAND: im headlining on 4/25. also who tf did this why did this happen who did this #BigGuyTwitter forgive me father for i have smoked kush i scrolled back 2 my first ever gram i hate myself aw hm preorder darcie's book online did u kno quavo is the one playing the flute on portland should i do this during social studies tmrw hehe it took me this long 2 find out that bruno mars strawberry champagne song fuckin goess wow TEEN PARTY NINE (9) this friday 3/24 @ los globos 10pm, 21+, free as hell, etc this is me i thought he was saying eating applebees at outback n i was like weird brag, dude my favorite club in LA is the cheesecake factory at the grove im reading a listicle of the top 34 cheesecake factory menu items n i can't stop laughing at these descrips remember when big sean used 2 brag about eating asparagus all the time all the best accounts on this website are literally children my stepson has a 5s w the screen cracked still hit me back right away wild carjacking incident on 3rd st subpoenaed in texas sequestered in memphis i don't feel safe in my own home sorry i murdered 10 people bc i was slightly annoyed someone used the phrase is that a thing feel the rain on ur skin ! i was on doug loves movies w at #SXSW. it was my ~ first time ~ on the pod that boy u laughed at for shitting in a urinal grew up 2 be,, the president this happened in-between ty dolla sign n dj esco lol im on the same flight as soulja boy should i tell him im sad he unfollowed me this character is guy who thinks every rapper is vince staples guy who thinks every rapper is vince staples: ur vince staples rapper: no sixth street in austin is like if the purge also involved dudes handing out mixtapes we got in an uber n literally the first thing our driver says is so r u guys gamers lmaoo Dream Twitter found this n boy are they mad This Is A Sex Tip That Will Drive Ur Man Wild come 2 brazil queen holy shit i met lana del rey at #SXSW yikes sxsw is a good reminder that way too many people are pursuing their dreams 1. im staying in a room at this airbnb where a child named cash normally sleeps 2. i fell asleep in a yoga pose im thinking about how wild underrated the life n times of tim was pornhub really hit me w the .@ Mr. Twitter pretending u work for an administration n like, basically doing bad aaron sorkin fanfiction is actually making thin nice linkedin account u fuckin Nerd oo look at me i want a job kellyanne conway on the couch music, is the soundtrack 2 life is clearly listens 2 a lot of podcasts a body type i thought my anti anime anime club shirt was cool until i met this dude the big sick is so fuckin good i dont have time 2 jack off because the grind never stops seriously, kids at school need 2 stop saying i jack off in the bathroom this is the mcdonald's tweet we should really be talking about lizzo is consistently such an amazing live performer. like, it's insane. lizzo fuckin owns hannibal played where r now n i took my shirt off teen party at sxsw was good last month's teen party have u seen the episode of teen titans go (2013) where they watch teen titans (2003). wild stuff im going wild 4 the night, fuk being polite dudes who buy porn mags at the airport are weirdos but dudes who buy an issue of maxim magazine at the airport are even bigger weirdos imo LAX is a scam, long beach airport is for the real heads i call it SOUTH BY cuz im in THE INDUSTRY n im INSUFFERABLE i steve both sides like carrell i see both sides like chanel last name baby first name boss drove from virginia 2 california w stav three (3) years ago there she goes there she goes again i want my dick so cold pneumonia in my dick i love it when u call me bug poppa s/o jax richard spencer is still on twitter but im not allowed 2 do posts where i pretend 2 work at papa johns is this technically art that wasn't flying, buzz. that was falling w style young sheldon is the name of the worst soundcloud rapper alive plankton: give me the recipe for a dam kray pay spongebob: no bitch twitter: this is good stuff jerrod carmichael: 8 is so gd good n u should watch it tonight if u haven't i can't stop thinking about when drake said this n im like cry laughing what's a gamer 2 a nonbeliever a lot of cultures have delicious food, but the culture w the best food? gamer culture have u ever read every instagram caption n been like what the fuk is wrong w literally all of u knees look like baby heads n the sooner ur comfortable w that the better . omedians in ars Getting offee listening 2 the podcast chapo trap house is how i found out about, Politic's one will kill u, the other will save u im not allowed within 1000 feet of that event u like what u see? i watched the first three (3) episodes of the new season of samurai jack last night n holy shit it's amazing i can't tell if the baby is part of the art :3 im addicted 2 Flavor. can't get enough of the stuff. ooh mama i love Flavor. it's honestly my favorite part of eating knowing that colbert is getting better ratings than fallon truly helps me sleep at night why does no one ever hit it from the back during rom com sex scenes my longest previously on law n order svu ever took off my skrillex wig, got home from a long hard day at work, n found out im blocked by the president's son im an edm comedian makes u think dam. fuk. dam. im on that george bush n alcohol she say she went 2 juilliard... but when we go 2 outback steakhouse she don't kno how 2 act AUSTIN TEXAS - next thursday 3/16 @ trinity hall im doing an unofficial SXSW ting w hannibal buress, byron bowers, what the fuk is wrong w u lil mama did not eat the hair i can smell the virginity from here Yeah I'm EMO who fucking cares Here's my monologue from Monday's show: One thing I know for sure: no one on the right side of history has ever had to nitpick what the definition of cage is. Paul Manafort has been ordered to jail, or as President Trump put it, Never met the guy. It's time for another installment of our long running segment Hillary Clinton: Impeachment Watch Now Trump must deal with an even greater threat: Robert Mueller. Hes got my vote! Yeah! Yesterday we all woke up in a different world. Some analysts believe Kim Jong Un can actually speak fluent English. Others believe the same thing about Donald Trump. Here's a question I never thought I'd have to ask: does Canada have nukes? Our relations with Canada have not been this bad since they stole the word bacon. We will be fine! says the man who just misspelled missile and stopped. Trump made his first international visit to a hostile foreign power: Canada. A bunch of racist nerds bullied Star Wars actress Kelly Marie Tran off social media. As Yoda would say, Wrong with Donald Trump: When will people start saying, thank you, Mr. President, for firing James Comey? Struggling Bookst Here's a sentence I don't often say: Donald Trump did something good. Calling Trump Commander of Cheese is the first factually accurate thing Kellyanne Conway's ever said. Here's my monologue from last night's show! Now that Miss America has ditched the swimsuits, I think its time the Pulitzer Prize dropped their wet t-shirt contest. Yes it is. Caught this unruly mob in my garden #quickbeforetheyfade We're back! Reese Witherspoon has announced they're making Legally Blonde 3. Please make it be about Elle Woods joining Mueller's team. Fine, Donald Trump gets to pardon himself, but only if he can spell Special Counsel on the first try. Sunday Cobbler, anyone? Theres a fat-faced peony in the garden. Share your #BestBlossom Get back to work! Hey South Korean official response: We are attempting to make sense of what, precisely, President Trump means. Welcome to the fucking club. Not so fast, Deep State. Say hello to the NFL's newest ref! How did these people get under my desk? Tonights Late Show features a special appearance by Jon Stewart. But it's a surprise, so dont tell him! Trump aides write his tweets with bad punctuation to match the President's style. Well, at least there's not grammar Nazis. The White House is determined to stop leaks at all costs. Last night's show is up now! What would a jury of Donald Trump's peers look like? Trying to understand why Kim Jong Uns threatening to break off talks with the US. Did Trump cheat with a younger, hotter Korea? The White House must be upset about the Trump Tower transcripts coming out. Especially Mike Pence, who's uncomforta Pop Quiz With Jamie & Corinne Foxx via Tonight! #LSSC 11:00- Yanny again. A plastic bag was found at the bottom of the worlds deepest ocean trench. Hey scientists, while youre down there, Tonight! Lighthearted high jinks with Deadpool! (Seen here strangling Vanisher.) #LSSC #hear 5:30 - Yanny 9:30- Laurel What.is.happening? Just a regular ol Tuesday night with ! #LSSC My monologue from Monday's show is up now! When Trump and Hannity talk on the phone before bed each night, who do you think is the first to say, No you hang up first! If all sports gambling is legal, whats gonna stop Trump from using that almanac he stole from Marty McFly? Some things need no explanation. Happy Mothers Day, Boston Dynamics new running robot is terrifying! Imagine a bleak future where we'll be forced to listen to robots It's nice when you see good things happen in Trump's America. My monologue from Wednesday's show is up now! Feels like we haven't heard from Jared Kushner in a while. Are we sure a large bird didn't grab him? After years of saying he was going to do it, he did it. Yes, indeed! Thank you, ! Two altar boys ready for the #MetGala! Speaking of natural disasters, Rudy Giuliani. Roy Moore and Don Blankenship. A threat to minors and miners alike. Happy Cinco de Mayo Eve! Don't forget to leave out a margarita and chips for Father Fiesta! NBC News has corrected their correction: Michael Cohens phone turned out to be a stale Pop Tart. I plan to celebrate #StarWarsDay by having roast porg for dinner. It's time for another edition of #StormyWatch! What if the FBI finds that Michael Cohen mostly just uses his phone to call his 15 other phones? Make sure to change your Twitter password. And, if you know it, Kanyes. Tonight! May the best Rudy win! My monologue from last night's Late Show is up now! James Comey says he once sang Beyonc during an FBI briefing. I guess it's not easy discussing Trump's stay at the Goodbye, Cambridge Analytica! We hardly knew ye, though ye knew everything about us. At least now Ty Cobb has more time for his true passion: tossing gumdrops and candy canes from a hot air balloon. If Trump sees the questions in advance he'll cheat! Facebook is launching an online dating feature. Which is different from their current online dating feature of show Mueller apparently has 49 questions he wants to ask Trump. 50, if you count, Seriously, what does it mean to move on her like a bitch? Here's my monologue from Monday's Late Show: I just saw produced and starring the brilliant Rachel Weisz. Its a beautiful and challenging stor Will I understand Infinity War if I saw only 17 of the previous movies? I dont remember ever being this happy in my 20s. #oldheadshotday This is a lure. Normally I just use free condos or offer an appearance on the Apprentice. Donald Trump called in to Fox & Friends yesterday. #DraftDay is trending so I assume Donald Trump is somewhere faking a limp. My monologue from Wednesday's show is up now: Bienvenue a Ratatouille! . New Late Show in five minutes. Twitter explosion in act three. Because. he's guilty? The leader of the free world tweeted 25 times last weekend. Trump: There were good boys on both sides. Congratulations to the new royal baby! He has his mother's eyes, and his father's hair. James Comey made some new friends at Late Show! Watch my Tuesday monologue here! There was too much Comey to fit in the show! Hard choices where to cut. So heres the whole damn thing. Not saying that Trump has Hannity in the palm of his hand, but. High level summit! Tonight! #WuTangForever #Comey Stormy Daniels said that the mystery man who threatened her didnt have a weapon, but I disagree: You could cut gla Always great talking to you, Father! Ongoing troubles for the man who paid off Stormy Daniels. NOT THE MOST PRESSING THING ON YOUR TO-DO LIST, GUYS! Funny how when James writes a book about the 2016 election and how he lost his dream job and drank wine nobo Firing Comey last May must be Trumps biggest regret, since it means he cant fire him now. Can't wait! Ive got a date for the weekend Stop the presses! ARE YOU MY SECRET LOVE CHILD I PAID A DOORMAN TO KEEP QUIET?! Chivalry isn't dead! Take it from me, it is! The President is not happy. When you have a warrant, they let you do it. My friends are putting the finishing touches on their Film and Education Center. Please consider mak The porn is on the President Truth Almost feel bad for Zuckerberg. Theres no way he left that room full of old people without having to set up their wifi. Hey look, we're back! Trump's lawyer got raided which means Trump's lawyer's lawyer should probably play it safe and get himself a lawyer. Carthago delenda est Reminder: lays it all on the Line tomorrow Waterloo, Iowa (hope they play Payback) !!Flaw!! #DeathGrind Jinx! You owe me a Coke. via Burn one with Kacey Musgraves! Kacey Musgraves Performs 'slow Burn via Jefferson Beauregard Sessions i. Just going to leave this here for anyone who needs to guess his name or he get I feel better already! Thanks John Bolton's Terrifying Ideas Sung By Michael Bolton via The whole damn thing! The busiest person at the White House is whoever has to update the office contact list. Dana was very nice to credit me last night, but the Brokaw/Ford Obituary sketch was written by Robert Smigel, Louis I am not making this up. He escaped arrest but still got sent to his room with no screen time. Bolton seems nice, but his mustache is unhinged. stopped by, too! The President has a new nickname! The military's responsibilities according to Trump: 1. build walls 2. parades! 3. excuse bone spurs 4. war & misc. I know Muellers busy but Looking for Monday's Late Show? Start here! Also, don't sleep with a porn star who's way smarter than you. I always get excited when theres a sighting! is working for all Americans- (D) and Take that, Sauron! Hey I thought you said you'd run TOWARD the kids, not away from them! Who would win in a fistfight? Theyre not imaginary, Theyre Maybe Coming Soon! Fingers crossed! Did you catch last night's monologue? D.T. phone home. My monologue from Monday's show is here! Cambridge Analytica sounds like the scientific name for John Oliver. Baseball season is only ten days away, which means well soon be able to measure the longevity of Trumps cabinet members in innings. Congrats to Vladimir Putin on winning his first election since November 8, 2016! Oh, we know there's no plan. This happy ending version of Danny Boy is simultaneously one of the most beautiful and most stupid things I ever Never Grace! Help us raise some $ for Art Therapy! True. Honest but Weird. So happy with the weirdness. In tonights Act 2. Starts in about 5 min. The one person Donald Trump hasn't fired. yet. Just holding out for the inevitable moment when the only person Trump has left to fire is himself. Trump Firings/Resignations/Departures: Tillerson Hicks Cohn Scaramucci Bannon Spicer Yates Porter Omarosa McMahon P Im SHOCKEDthat there was anyone in the State Department left to fire. Waiting for PA-18 results. #boykinsforever Luke, use the Space Force. Darth Space Vader Watch my Monday monologue now! Okay, fine, but at least tell us the correct way to pronounce Qatar! Ryan Zinke reportedly spent $139,000 on doors for his office. Now he can be hit on the ass by something really nice on his way out. Friday's Late Show was a big one! If you haven't seen it yet, here's a good place to start: This destroys all my previously held beliefs about fish-to-panda weight ratios. Some work of noble note, may yet be done If you missed last night's show, here's a good place to start: $139,000 for a door!? For that you can buy a porn star's silence AND a used Acura. Watch my monologue from Wednesday's Late Show here: Guess he paid out more pornstar hush money than we thought. Still mad at Carlos Danger for making David Dennison president. With all these headlines, I just assumed Steel Tariffs was Stormy Daniel's co-star. Tuesday's Late Show is avail now! I stand with President Dennison! If my Trump math is right, the only way to get this ban reinstated is for Obama to kill an elephant. No one knows what Trumps final decision about tariffs will be. I wish Fox & Friends would pick a plan and stick to it! Here's the link to my monologue from Monday night's show! Donald Trump: Do as I say, not who I do. Quick idea for a sequel: the two of you finally meet in person on on Wednesday. Ill play myself! Another place I didn't even know SOLD guns. Please tell me you can't buy a Glock at Crabtree & Evelyn. That won't be a problem once his presidency takes us back to the Bronze Age. Who wants to eat soup and get drunk with Mr. Burns? Tonight I return to Capitol Hill. March is coming in like a lion, but I'm pretty sure it'll go out like a disgraced member of Trump's inner circle. Happy #WorldWildlifeDay! I wonder what Don and Eric killed to celebrate. You know it's a special night when I get to say clustermunch at the top of my monologue, check it out: Extra Extra Rapper? Writer? How do you identify? Extra I introduce him to his Lando LEGO! Looking for Thursday's Late Show? Start here! The Omarosa Interview: Full, Uncut Version via Tonight! meets his Girl Scout fan! Don't tell the President. He has enough worries these days. Should be soon -- the incubation period for lizard eggs is 4 to 8 weeks. Remember, sir, I spell it with a ph , not a v. Watch last night's monologue today! New !! Nice. Monday's Late Show is up now! Im surprised the NRA was affiliated with car rental companies at all, considering Hertz and Avis enforce tyrannica Manafort now facing charges of money laundering and being your grandpa. Our Cartoon President is addressing CPAC right now! Looking for my Thursday monologue? Here it is! Grab the spatula, someones about to start flippin! Missed last night's show? Start here! Hey KFC - weve got tons of lawmakers who are too chicken to stand up to the NRA. Theyre all yours! From now on, when anyone says, Kids these days! its a compliment. 6) Whatever you do, DONT LET ANYONE SEE THIS LIST! Last night's show is up now! New episode at 8pm! #OurCartoonPresident #TeamHolcomb Just enter code IAMPOOR at checkout for 20% off your dignity! On Capitol Hill. What don't I want me to know? #releasemymemo #OurCartoonPresident showrunner is live tweeting tonights premiers! On Showtime now! #TeamShibutani TGIF! (Tonga guy is FINE) Have they tried scratch n sniff? Hope you enjoyed my prayer breakfast yesterday. Oh, and all women are liars. Happy Early Valentines! Missed our show last night? Watch it here now! No, Oprah! Do not throw away your shot! $130,000 is also good. Last night's show is avail now! I don't think my Lyft driver knows where he's going. Great idea Bryan! Hotel chains: call now for discounts on bulk orders. Watch my Monday monologue here: Philly fans, please go back to throwing batteries at Santa Claus. ITS NOTHING! DON't WORRY ABOUT IT! This memo proves Trump was really serious about improving his health - hes switched from cheeseburgers to nothingburgers. Just started #TheMemo, and I already found a lie in the very first line. Friday night status #boykinsforever My Thursday night monologue is here! I'm glad the Super Bowl is this weekend because it makes my Sunday tradition of eating a pound of melted cheese out of a helmet less weird. Trump also sees himself as, like, a smart person. ! Take a look at my monologue from Wednesday's show! Here's my monologue from last night's LIVE episode! Pretty lucky Joe Kennedy's car broke down where he was supposed to give his speech. Somehow, Trump will claim that there were more people in the room for his State of the Union than Obama's. Check out my Monday monologue! Is it possible that President Donald Trump is also a typo? THE FINAL YEAR is like a real life version of The West Wing. Dont My fellow Americans, I am proud to announce that Episode 1 of Showtimes Our Cartoon President is available now. Last night's Late Show was a little different - here's how we opened the show: Just tossing my hat in the ring as a possible first male Mrs. Butterworth. Jared Kushner: Wait, we can quit?! Join me on February 24 at 70s Mixtape: A 1970s Dance Party at the in Montclair, NJ benefiting My Thursday monologue is available now! Harsh. But I think history museums are going to be even harsher to him. Have they tried putting a towel over his cage so he thinks its nighttime? Ive got a tip for this guy: get a crock pot. Preferably the one from This Is Us. Mueller, a few weeks from now: Thank you for sitting down for this interview, Mr. President. First, Im going to a Now available: my monologue from Wednesday night! My Tuesday monologue is up now! Whatsoever you do for the least of your brothers. will get you arrested by ICE. Congrats to everyone who got Oscar noms! To everyone who didn't: you're still movie stars. Its gonna be ok. Hey check it out, it's my Monday monologue! Here's my Friday night monologue! Let he who is without a fetish for being spanked by a porn star with a magazine featuring you on the cover & then a 2016: After the election it will be interesting to see how the Clinton administration allocates funds for its free I bet Trump would've angrily denied the Stormy Daniels story if he weren't secretly high-fiving people about it. Check out this incredible comedy fundraiser for Go to for ticket info! Hey thank you for supporting the Child Victims Act. Its such an important issue. Follow Check out my Thursday monologue! First, do no harm. Second, okay fine, do harm but only to people you disagree with. If Donald Trump likes being spanked with a magazine, he's going to love it when a judge throws the book at him. A sneak peak from the presidential spank bank. Here's my Wednesday night monologue! A picture is worth a thousand words, but in this case Ill take the words, thank you. I have been to the International House Of Pancakes, therefore I also have diplomatic immunity. - Steve Bannon Hey, check out my Tuesday night monologue! I believe it was a reading from The Letter of St. Paul to the Elephant in the Room. Vital Stats from President Trumps Physical: Height: 75 Inches. Weight: 239 Pounds. Depth: None. Status: Here's a peek at my Monday night monologue, enjoy! Like taking candy to a baby. Unhappiness. Wheres when I was young and we didnt give a damn, cause we were raised to see life as fun and take it if we can. Check out my Friday night monologue! Let me get this straight: Youre saying Donald Trump had sex with a local weatherman? Here's my Thursday night monologue! Today's Gospel according to Donald: And Jesus said, whatsoever you do to the least of my brothers and sisters, tha Take a look at my Wednesday night monologue: Candied tangerine rinds This season of Black Mirror is more disturbing than I couldve possibly imagined. Nothin but respect for OUR It premieres Sunday, Feb 11, 8 PM ET/PT on Here's my Tuesday night monologue! We got Trumps audio feed for the National Anthem! Hey, check out my Monday night monologue! When you need to quickly get rid of Stephen Miller #JakeTapperandtheDeathlyGuest The President didn't hold his Fake News Awards today, and the fact I said he would is MORE PROOF I SHOULD WIN ONE! One of the most surprising parts of Fire and Fury is how Donald Trump accidentally started a national book club. Check out my Thursday night monologue! Look, I know things seem bad, but at least lizards arent falling from the sky, oh wait. Hey! It's last night's monologue! So excited for Mondays MOST DISHONEST & CORRUPT MEDIA AWARDS OF THE YEAR! See you on the red carpet, Tonight! My desperate bid to get Trumps disapproval! #TheFakies Winter Storm Grayson appears to be turning away from the East Coast, possibly because it cant compete with the shit-storm in Washington. Please dont make me picture your Button..also dont start a nuclear war, you Buttonhead. Having trouble following todays news, but Im excited to congratulate Hoda Kotb on taking over for Sen. Orrin Hatch!! There was that time Dave Chappelle stopped by and made me feel better about America. #Make2017GreatAgain That time we gave a fond farewell to the only coherent part of Trump's tweets. #Make2017GreatAgain Remember when we had a wonderful kind of day together remaking the Arthur theme? #Make2017GreatAgain Needed special cameras for my new segment The Two Palest Men In Show Business. #Make2017GreatAgain My visit to the Moscow Ritz Presidential Suite or P Suite. Wink-wink. #givemethepeepeetape #Make2017GreatAgain That time I destroyed my innards for your amusement! #Make2017GreatAgain That time your cool cousin and I taught you about the birds and the bees and the pubes. I did lines of truffle powder with Oprah! #Make2017GreatAgain My new animated series Our Cartoon President ( will premiere on Sunday, February 11 at 8 PM ET/PT on Remember my last day at the Daily Show? Totally forgot there were cameras there. #Make2017GreatAgain All good things must come to an end. Also, 2017. To celebrate, Ill be tweeting out some of my favorite moments fro Now you can binge-watch a whole year of the Late Show in just 4 minutes! Not always, but this time. Go see it. Congratulations to Senator-Elect Doug Jones, who beat Roy Moore and then busted a move to celebrate! This year Santa brought me the best Christmas present of all- a box of The weirdest thing about Doug Jones winning was that for the first time since last November, I drank to remember. CNN: Roy Moore lost. MSNBC: Doug Jones will be the next senator from Alabama. FOX: IS MUELLER SECRETLY HILLARY IN A According to Alabama state law, Roy Moore now has to eat his horse. ITS CHRISTMAS MIRACLE! Yes, Virginia, there IS an Alabama!! Wow, if I had invested $1,000 in Bitcoin last week, today I would have. still no idea how Bitcoin works. I import my good news now. The White House is saying Trump's slurred speech last week was due to dry throat. It's a common side effect to lying mouth. Im eight miles high. Its all gonna pay off, 13 year-old Stephen! Its something unpredictable, but in the end its right I hope you had the time of your life As FDR so famously said: December 7, 1941. A date which was a pretty wild scene. Totally nutso. Seriously, that sh Congrats to my Australian friends! Love is Love, but Vegemite is still Weird. Sorry you didnt get TIMEs Person of the Year, but at least some of your accusers did! Counting down the days until Christmas.2020! Now would be a good time for his opposing candidates to get life insurance. I'm surprised Trump didn't declare Jerusalem as America's capital. Then he'd be able to say we have a wall. Thinking of all my friends and family in SoCal facing the fires tonight. Stay safe! Tonight. Hey I heard theres half the population that doesnt just spend money on women, they actually ARE wo We couldn't have done it without you, sir. TFW Flynn flips Flynn finally flipped is my favorite news and my favorite tongue twister. Revenge is a dish that is best served Comey. Im not good with fractions- does lying to the FBI count as 1/10th? Non-hypothetical question: are you insane? Wow, really? The rest of us think he seems 100% fine. Siri, what's a good activity for someone with four dollars and crippling self-hatred? Your psych book dont know jack. Nice pic tho. Fox News: The left is unhinged with all this Russia talk! What a bunch of unfounded conspiracy nonsense! Anyway More Democrats are pressuring Franken to resign. But on the plus side, hes now polling around 50% in Alabama. And ye may make three wishes upon the accursed paw! (All of which are not to get a back rub from Charlie Rose.) Well, it explains why he always kept the studio so dark. Warm thanks to our Navy for this heartfelt salute to the President! I refuse to wish Happy Birthday to because everyone knows RuPaul DOES NOT AGE. If I'm reading this week's news correctly, is the solution to all of this to nominate Drake to the Senate? Senators are proposing lowering the alcohol tax which is good news, because once you see the rest of their tax plan The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing. There comes a time when one can n Potential Titles: Goodnight Mooch Crime And A Complete Lack Of Punishment There's a special place in Hell.also the Senate. Welcome home, While you were gone we started actually punishing people for sexual harassment so, you know, heads up. I know you are, but what am I? Furthermore, I cite precedent in the case of Rubber V. Glue. Jeff Sessions testified about the Trump campaign and Russia today, providing some much-needed details about things How many times does Wonder Woman have to save us?! She already won WWI - let the woman rest! Hope nothing bad comes out about my comedy hero, Mel Gibson, now starring in Daddys Home 2! What if I told you that you could support teachers, members of the military, AND their families with one easy donat Louis CKs apology leaves a lot to be desired. For example, I desire a time machine so I can go back and tell him I'm pretty sure this story was written by a killer robot. Until there is a smoking gun in the Roy Moore case, we shouldn't rush tookay, there it is. While we're at it, can we also replace all our Confederate statues with Christopher Plummer? Words weve learned in the 365 days since Trump was elected: Emoluments Scaramucci Local Milk People Covfefe Ragnar We all have 280 characters? Well, as Shakespeare wrote, Brevity is the soul of wit. The soul of wit is what brevit Dear Twitter, If there's one thing we could ask for from 2017, it wouldn't be more Twitter. Thanks, Stephen Mom is the first audience and the best. Remembering Jimmy Fallon and his family in our prayers today. Sunday is the end of Daylight Saving, so remember to turn your clocks back one hour, then go back to yoking your oxen! To be fair, she did attend his wedding. If I wasnt one of the prizes, I would bid immediately! Do it for the troops! Stewart/Colbert/Oliver/Rock/CK/Sandler/Stiller/Mulaney/Kemper/Minhaj/Jacobson/Klepper/Munn/Courddrymore2come #autism LOCK HIM UP! ALSO HIM! PLUS THIS OTHER GUY I HADNT HEARD OF UNTIL TODAY! We take you now live to the Oval Office: I urge my colleagues to stand up and be more forceful. Anyway.SEE YA, SUCKERS! Now, the former president is good-naturedly requesting that you back that thang up. Hey! Like films not based on superheroes? Check out the Nov 2017 schedule #Cinema505 See ya there! If Bill O'reilly can blame God for his problems, can the rest of us blame God for Bill OReilly? Glad to be back with new shows this week. Last weeks re-runs were fun but it got exhausting re-enacting old episodes word-for-word. Duh. Have been since November. I dont know about you, but after this week, Im ready. How about we drop the whole boy and girl scouts thing and call them what they are: Kids with knives who know ho The Ivana vs Melania feud is a fun distraction from the feud of Trump vs NFL/Jemele Hill/Tillerson/Bob Corker/Kim Jong Un/Reality. I dont know how Trump would do with an IQ test, but I'm pretty sure how he'd do with the Marshmallow Test. Tonight I'm joined by a very special guest! 4! Having a great time at New York Comic-Con! If you see a guy dressed as Deadpool, thats me! Run up and hug me! I hope when Trump said This is the calm before the storm, he was referring to the burrito he had for lunch. So far, Harvey Weinstein has checked off Sex and Lies, but I really dont want to see the Videotape. And now: the awkward, adorable, musical conclusion to the #PuberMe challenge! via #LSSC tonight AFTER football! Hope your team won. Join us for dramatic conclusion of #PuberMe with Miranda! #PuertoRicoRelief Netflix is raising its monthly rates?! Man, whoever's password I'm using has got to be pissed. Relations with nuclear-armed North Korea may be unstable, but Im sure our State Dept has their eye on the- oh shit. She was great! Thanks, Annie! Hey GOP is now the time to talk about gun control? .. . How about now? .. . Now? Still no? Oh, never? Never is good for you? Drinking Game: Every time Trump says I'd give our response to Puerto Rico an A+, remember that Puerto Ricans have nothing to drink. Days like today can make you feel powerless. You're not. Lena Dunham as a tween looks more self-assured than I have in my entire life. #PuberMe #PuertoRicoRelief The rest of James awkward teen years aired on the WB from 1998-2003. Lil Bobby Moynihan dressed in funhouse camouflage. Laura, Im sure you were the belle of that seafaring cotillion. #PuberMe #PuertoRicoRelief YAS TWEEN!! Not that embarrassing, since I currently have the same posters on my wall. David, I'm sure you feel blessed to have the entirety of your puberty so well documented for future generations. Here's Ken Jeong as a small adult man. Bridget Everett proves you don't need the correct number of teeth to have a winning smile. Whoa! Heres a young Mayim before she discovered flower hats on Blossom! Knowing Patton, Im sure he was hoping for a gig at the Mos Eisley Cantina. Here's a photo of a young, pale Andy Daly, mere seconds before he burst into flames. Give Angela a hand! No, seriously, I think she has no hands. Technically, this was a #PuberHim since Amy posted it, but, Ill allow it. I am the very model of a teenage major general. She's smiling because those glasses are strong enough for her to see into her awesome future. Joshua Malina apparently grew up in a 70s retirement home. Is this Young Tony Hawk, or the Wikipedia picture for The 90s ? Young Mr. Belding looks like he just got called to Mr. Belding's office. Adam Scott's first summer job was volunteering his head to scrub out cast-iron skillets. My bus stop was nowhere near this cool. Aww! Young Ryan Seacrest's first American Idol was . his mommy. This is what Jon looked like on our first show. Its really taken a toll on him. This was taken right before he did a 30-minute deep-dive about why Stephanie should go to Prom with him. That's funny, I don't remember Jimmy being in Wayne's World. Her face says Teen, but her haircut says, Mother of two. I hear for his retirement, Tom Price is having the taxpayers buy him an extremely expensive gold watch. This is my Head Writer, Opus, in an awkward phase that continues to this day. Jazz legend Eddie Palmieri, cosplaying as a young Eddie Munster. Back in Marcs early days, it was considered fashionable to wear all your clothes at the same time. The Dick Van Dyke Shows Rose Marie was a teenager almost 80 years ago, right around the time teenagers were invent The hairspray industry must have tanked when Debbie Harry stopped wearing her hair like this. Jack Garratt, aged, 14, is available to play all your block parties or neighborhood BBQs for $5 and a ride home. If only Kevin Smiths current facial hair could go back and tell his old facial hair to hang in there. Sure, he doesnt look much like the Andy Cohen we know yet, but, Watch What Happens. I am counting this brave woman as a celebrity because of her mastery of reed instruments & bangs. $1000 to Puerto R Back then, he couldnt Carpool Karaoke without a licensed driver accompanying him. America Ferrera has clearly grown out of her awkward phrase. If only I could say the same for America. I paid these boys $5 each to mow my lawn - and they did a marvelous job! This lil guy can teach you how to make a whistle out of a blade of grass! How much is Americone Dream donating for every celebrity #PuberMe for #PuertoRicoRelief? Watch to see na Nick Kroll asked me to post a pic of my awkward stage, but I never had one. So here's me lookin cool as hell! If Roy Moore hates gays so much, why is he so into Brokeback Mountain cosplay? Trumps new travel ban includes Chad, North Korea, Venezuela, and the Golden State Warriors. And in one stroke, Twitter doubles the complexity of our nation's foreign policy. My writers put together a tasty 9 minutes on Trump vs. the NFL last night. Take a knee and check it out. Hey! Win 4 box seats + backstage passes to my show with and well drag one of you up on stage with us! Tonight: Im not worried about the guys with the regular footballs. Its the guy with the nuclear football who scares me to death. #LSSC Tonight! performs a brand-new, never-before-heard song! Mind-blowing, eye-opening! & other hyphena Proudfeet! The remaining GOP senators? Totally cool with voting in bad conscience. Please - stay out of politics. Leave the important stuff to reality TV stars with a knack for bankrupting casinos. Can't wait for Trump to visit Nambia and their technologically advanced neighbors in Wakanda. Fixed it. Wish I could have told these! Republicans are trying one last Hail Mary to repeal Obamacare. The plan? If you get sick, say a Hail Mary. 90% sure Trump nicknamed Kim Jong Un Rocket Man because he forgot his name. Anyone else want to hear Jon play the whole song? Video: hot leak from Russia! Sorry, not the one you've been waiting for. On 9/17, I host Good people. On 11/9, I join veterans Heroes Gala. Much better people. Pls Donate! Look! I'm the official emoji for the #Emmys! Excited to kick it with my new BFFS, chicken face and salsa lady. For #ReadABookDay, try Stephen Colbert's Midnight Confessions. It's Of Mice and Men but with one man & no mice! Repealing DACA in order to MAGA is a load of CACA. Congratulations, on receiving the Spirit of Katharine Hepburn Award! If you obey all the rules, you miss all the fun. -KH Want to help folks hit by Hurricane Harvey? 1 way is w/ Text HARVEY to 90999 to make a $10 donation. #HoustonStrong May Telebrion spare Mother Sun this day and return to the Horn of Eternal Dusk! Telebrion listen to the gentle voice of Tala-oth! #prehumans Eclipse cookies ready! Ready for the eclipse! . Congrats on removing your first monument to racism! I know Trump's destroying America's moral authority and all, but Ellie Kemper is on my show tonight with PUPPIES! Today the President replaced his racist dog whistle with a vuvuzela. I don't agree with the Nazis, but they had a permit for Normandy & the Allies didn't. -Donald Trump #1 - Bend over backward to not insult white supremacists. #2 - Backpedal furiously. Feed mayonnaise to tuna. Call StarKist! Guys, let's not panic. Maybe locked and loaded is just how Trump orders his nachos. Working on my #Emmy bod. Wanna look ripped in my sleeveless tux! on 9/17 Get ready for the sequel: 2 Fiery 2 Furious: Pyongyang Drift! I didn't know! Say hi next time Steve. Long Time listener (starting Summer of 86), first time caller. Young Hits From 1972-74 On Monday 8/14 Anthony Scaramucci will be my guest on This is just a heads up for our censors to get ready! #themooch 59% of Americans think Trump's presidency has been a failure. The other 41% still dont have twitter. North Korea officially has a warhead small enough to fit on a missile. Huh. Being tired of winning sure feels a lot like a stress ulcer. I kissed the face of the sun! Thanks Much more impressive than her slacker brother who took a gap year to go backpacking around Dagobah. Trump's going on vacation for 17 days, or 1.7 Scaramuccis. Happy birthday, President Obama! So happy to see that youre only aging one year at a time now! Everybody is saying this will be the most luxurious, grandest jury in world! Best indictments ever! Believe me! .And the Bill of Rights doesn't count because it wasn't part of the ORIGINAL Constitution! Who leaked!! Scaramucci, we barely knewcci. Good bye, Reince. May you rest in Priebus. Id like to say congratulations to new Chief of Staff John Kelly but Im afraid hell be fired before I send the tweet. The Mooch is Loose! No wonder we never see Bannon any more. Evidently, he's got a full plate.I mean palate. Fixed it for you, If Trump cant work up the nerve to fire Sessions, why doesnt he just pretend hes one of his wives? A Beautiful pas de douche! #TDS Anyone else want to see Sean Spicer and Anthony Scaramucci in a buddy cop movie called Spicy and the Mooch? The fact is, Sean Spicer had the largest group ever to attend a going away party. Period. Words fail me. And they failed him, too. I hope I get one! Does it come in vegan flavor? Republican Senators were served a nice lunch at the White House today, but I'm pretty sure all they swallowed was their pride. Lars Von Triers Robocop remake looks FANTASTIC. Convoluted, maybe, but not as bad as needing a two-thirds majority to impeach. RIP Republican Health Care Bill. In lieu of flowers, please send new representatives to Congress in 2018.. meetings have more guests than a Pitbull track! Donald Trump was excited for a Croque Madame until he found out it was NOT French for Crooked Hillary #SandWichHunt Loved today's hearing for the replacement FBI director. Cant wait for the next one a two months from now. Trump leaves for France tonight. Boy, is he going to be disappointed when he learns that oui, oui isn't what he thinks it is. DARTH VADER: Join me and together we can- TRUMP JR: I love it! Especially later in the summer! Trump tweets somehow sound better this way. Im guessing Donald Jr. regrets hiring a lawyer from Trump University. #LSSC I know these emails look bad, but they also sound bad and are bad! Thats funny, went nowhere but had to listen is how I feel whenever your dad talks! I do miss it! Don't forget to brake! The Irish certainly helped with the greatness! Look for Andrew Edward Tuck. You'll find the name twice. My mom's father and brother. I'll be right there! Hang in there! A lot of talent out on that field! Play ball! Save me some! Sure! Carl Sandburg House, Flat Rock, NC- Traveling this 4th wknd? Share your brush with #AmericanGreatness Hey Congressman Chaffetz! Congrats on landing a job where the President will listen to you! The Senate is delaying their vote on the Healthcare Bill. The suspense may kill us before lack of insurance does. Happy 20th Anniversary, Harry Potter! You've taught an entire generation the value of sprinting into train station walls! #HarryPotter20 To put that number in perspective, if you line 22 million people end to end, they would reach Canada & get healthca Good to be back. I learned so much in Russia. Did you know that their leader is ALSO Putin?! It was so unfair of Megyn Kelly to edit her Alex Jones interview to include footage of him talking. Here's the DM: It was odd that the White House banned cameras and audio at todays press briefing. Usually, they only ban facts. Trump said on Twitter that he took orders from Rod Rosenstein. Must have been hard for Putin to learn about their breakup in a tweet. Trumps lawyer says he isnt under investigation, unless he is. We wont know until the investigators issue their report, unless they don't. Join me tonight as I welcome back to the Ed Sullivan theater ! The Man, the Myth, the Mensch! Amazon bought Whole Foods, insuring farm to market to door to UPS to redelivery attempt to UPS to missed package to UPS back to market food! Happy 2 year anniversary of Trump announcing his campaign! Also, happy aging 20 years since Trump announced his campaign! Donald Trumps lawyer hired a lawyer. Not a good look when your counsels for the Russia probe are stacked like nesting dolls. Crooked H is like Preparation H, but you use it after H is gone because it distracts from how big a D you are. Really regret not calling Jeff Sessions\\ Russia testimony Putin on the Grits! Props to Salvor Hardin Stephen King has been blocked by Trump on Twitter. I guess his book about a scary clown hit too close to home. AG Sessions, are you now or did you ever, coerce a maiden into giving up her first born child in exchange for spinning straw into gold? ! Where's my ring?! I've never drunk champagne from the Stanley Cup, but I once sucked nacho cheese off a participation ribbon! Trump has postponed his trip to the U.K. due to low support. So, I guess no visits to the U.S. either? Under Oath is nice but to make sure Trump is honest, we need him to testify On an Access Hollywood Bus. It's Comey's big day tomorrow. Gosh, I hope Hillary doesn't somehow ruin it for him. George Clooney had twins! Only nine more until hes got a full crew to take down Andy Garcia! I'd be grateful if this means planes now take us 4 years into the future. TONIGHT! New show! (I've been off for a week. Did I miss anything? Let me check the news.oh my.) #LSSC Join with IAVA this Memorial Day to #GoSilent -learn more at I was honored to host these service members during #FleetWeek and grab my #selfiewithasailor! There's gonna to be a Top Gun 2! Hope they finally catch those engineers who built a highway DIRECTLY into the danger zone. This is a fun job. Sounds bad, but think of the freedom you'll have! Like the freedom to sell your own organs to pay for health care! If Disney doesnt add Donald Trump to The Hall of Presidents, they should at least add his hands to Its A Small World. Reince: Please, sir, no tweeting for a while. Trump: Got it. Reince: Ok, I'm just going to tie my shoe. Aw, hell yeah! #shutyerdirtylittlemouth Meet my new workout buddy. We now go to Republicans for a response: BREAKING NEWS! Brad Pitt will be on The Late Show tomorrow night to wait, what? Trump already leaked that, too? TONIGHT! Bad news: Trump revealed Top Secret intel to the Russians. Good news: Trump found the leaker! Well, that was fun! #briarpatch Trump talked smack about me in TIME mag. If only I had a nightly show to respond on.oh yeah, I do! Join us, won't you? 11:35 #briarpatch We found a picture of the Russian photographers that got into the Oval Office! Prez says he decided to fire Comey before the DOJ report. Well, the best laid plans of mice and men.are exposed as a cover up by Trump. Why was COMEY fired? The answer may surprise you! .if you're easily surprised. TONIGHT! THE MYSTERY OF THE COMEY AFFAIR! WHY ON EARTH WOULD TRUMP HAVE.it was the Russia stuff.yeah. That's why. #SwampTheDrain #LSSC And we miss you! (You too Nancy!) Fun event tonight with Thanks ! Great to meet so many members. Quick- back to NYC Let's hope they have more success than NickleBizkit. Congratulations to 2017 Kentucky Derby winner Always Dreaming. Vast improvement on 2016's Sobering Reality. The Senate was asked why 13 men and no women are working on their health care bill. A: Hey-Its a health BILL, not a health BARB! Sally Yates: Flynn could've been compromised by Russia. Trump: Great! Compromise is the Art of the Deal! Ted Cruz asked Sally Yates about Hillarys emails. Ted, thats so 2016: the hot new pointless obsession is fidget spinners. Wonder Woman is in theaters June 2nd. But if you want a sneak preview, watch Sally Yates performance in front of the Senate. May the Fourth be with you. Also do your crunches. A woman faces jail time for laughing at Jeff Sessions. So do NOT laugh at how much he looks like my writer Mike's n Trump called Kim Jong Un a smart cookie. That's crazy -- he reminds me more of a murderous soft cheese. Last night STEP Tonight Night of the Living Dead 4k transfer! Join us the next ten days. Tix: Trump: I thought being president would be easier. Me: I'll be there! #FallinLoveWithFilm at the 2017 Festival in NJ! Now thru May 7. Tickets: #MFF17 You know what they say: If at first you don't succeed, abolish the 9th Circuit Court Of Appeals! If Jesse Watters\\ lewd comments about Ivanka got him a vacation, then Trump must have enough points racked up to retire. Today is Take Your Child to Work Day or, as the Trump administration calls it, Thursday..and he got straight A's on this! .but I think better than mine. Obama is reportedly receiving $400K for his first private speaking gig. Wow! It's so weird to know something about a president's finances. Stop me if you've heard this one before: A judge walks into a courtroom and blocks Trump's executive order. Are you with Tuck? #BrainFight I love my stories!! Bill OReilly has a podcast for subscribers to his website, so your grandparents may call you tonight with a computer question. Join me at the Festival April 28-May 7, opening Friday with #MFF17 #stepislife Sessions is amazed an island in the Pacific judge can block the travel ban. Just like how Im bewildered a racist elf can be AG. Doesnt look like a lot of Patriots visited the White House. Maybe some players got confused and went to Mar-a-Lago Say what you will, but Bill O'reilly always had your back. And if you were a woman, he might try for your front, too. #RipPapaBear #LSSC British PM Theresa May stuns the world by calling for an election less than halfway through her term. Hey, how come THEY get to do that? I'm so sorry to hear of Dorothy Mengering's death, and so grateful that Dave shared her with us. Yeah! That's Deep! Congratulations, Jon. 3 mile race. Personal best! (Hope my urine sample comes back clean.) #RunForAdela Don Rickles hugged me once. It's all been downhill from there. God bless you, Rickles. Steve Bannon was removed from the National Security Council. No word on when hell step down from his role as president. This is what I'll actually look like in about six months. Thanks, ! But how do you feel, Louis? Phenomenal! This Pepsi ad is so unrealistic. Those protesters would have been Dr. Pepper Sprayed. GOP Senators may push through Neil Gorsuch with the Nuclear Option, which also happens to be the name of Trump's bronzer. Crayola is retiring the dandelion crayon. I feel bad for kids in the future who wont know what the color dandelion tastes like. Hawaii judge extended the block on Trump's travel ban. So instead of saying aloha to the ban, we can say aloha to the ban! George W. Bush reportedly called Trump's inauguration some weird shit. And thats from a guy whose VP didn't have a pulse. BREAKING: MICHAEL FLYNN FLIPPING HARDER THAN A MONSTER TRUCK! When the sculptor ALSO isn't allowed to use his hands. The Trump admin has one Russian connection nested inside another and another. I cant think of the right metaphor. Everlasting Gobstopper? It would be an HONOR. (Watch your back, Jeffrey!) So happy to be back! #LSSC Tonight, we are back from break. Anything important happen last week? #LSSC Happy Birthday to May The Force Be With You! Happy Birthday to friend of The Late Show, Matthew Broderick! Too bad he's sick in bed today. Wait a minuteTHAT WAS A DUMMY. Tonight on The Late Show! Why am I cuddling with Ryan Reynolds? I don't care. It happened. #LSSC Spring Cleaning Tip: burn it all and collect the insurance money. Go you, NU! #PoundTheRock The Trumpcare bill is a lot like Julius Caesar - not going to make it out of the Senate alive! #IdesOfMarch Hey - you said you & Jeffrey were having a quiet night in, but I saw that your table is set for six. Wha BREAKING: I've got Trump tax returns. Tonight, 11:35pm ET CBS. (Humorously). I had to work thru the storm and didn't have time to drink hot cocoa so I had to resort to snorting a line of Swiss Miss. Im really enjoying my copy of Cooking for Jeffrey, but noticed there's still no release date on Cooking for Stephen? Because I could not stop for Death/ He kindly stopped health insurance for 24m people/and said, but look how much money we're saving! Hey saw you baked elephant ears. Thought we had plans? Had to make them alone. (easy & delicious, thanks for the recipe!) Wow, tomorrow's storm seems intense! Just check out this meteorologist. #StormStella Attorney General Jeff Sessions asked 46 US attorneys to resign. Is there any chance he'll lead by example? Walking out of work on a friday like. Lets get #Trumpcare trending to spread the word that Trump doesnt want us to call his Trumpcare proposal Trumpcare! #Trumpcare Hi Todd. Nice cat. See ya next week! Very sad to hear of the passing of Joe Rogers, co-founder of Waffle House. I lift a glass of sausage gravy in your honor, sir. Also tonight! America's Former Top Spy tries to un-spook me. #weepingangel Yeah, tonight! Big Bang Theory is FAKE SCIENCE. I'm toldd Sheldon doesnt actually have a PhD and his real name is Jim. Bad (or sick) guy! How low has Obama gone to nott return my texxts about going kitesurfing with me. This is Nixon/Waterworld. Bad (or busy) guy! I herby Heer by Herebai Her bae Here Bye Bye Bye Herbie the Love Bug Herpetologist Here boat Horton Hears a Bye Her Trump's team promised to repeal and replace but have so far have only managed to resign and recuse. Dow passes 21,000 for 1st time thanks to belief in the new Trump. Wall Street knows best since they never ever get duped by billionaires. If it walks like a duck and quacks like a duck, but then stops quacking for an hour, it's being pretty presidential and is not a duck. Still waiting. Getting ready to watch Trump's address to a JOINT session of congress. Theres a clue in this tweet about how were going to get through it. Get the butter and maple syrup ! Today, Trump repeated that the press is the enemy of the people. Food for thought.and we cook it up Monday with Jon Stewart! #LSSC Tonight! Donald Trump wants everyone.or no one. to have nukes! That's just great.or That's just great! #LSSC Dont (RUSSIA) let this (RUSSIA) press (RUSSIA) issue distract you (RUSSIA) from (oh my God RUSSIA) Trumps ties to Russia. (RUSSIA!) Let's light this candle! WaPo's new slogan is Democracy Dies in Darkness. It's meant as a warning, but right now, it feels more like a prophecy. No, YOU're crying! Sweden needs our thoughts and.explanations what the hell Trump's talking about. #SwedenStrong What a talented and attractive bunch! Happy Presidents Day, Steve Bannon! Trump tweeted that the media is the enemy. Assuming he meant the enema, given how the media is constantly making him lose his shit. Watch the Late Show go LIVE on 2/28 right after Trumps address to Congress! I cant believe I just typed that! Waiter: Can I start you off with something to drink? Trump: I HAD THE BIGGEST ELECTORAL COLLEGE VICTORY! Tonight! So much crazy, so little time#LSSC Just when you thought you couldn't love Oprah more. , ( ). #! Rep. Jason Chaffetz says he won't investigate Michael Flynn. Evidently he's too busy investigating The Case of the Missing Spine! Tonight! Out like Flynn! I dare you to smell it. Who ordered the shrimp, and who launched the ballistic missile? Tonight! My favorite new shows! #anyshowanytimeanywhere See you tomorrow, Steve? Please please please represent yourself in front of the Supreme Court. I'll never ask for anything else ever again. Trumps new executive order will protect the blood of our youth. Or at least the white blood cells. Stay warm tonight, with and me! #FlakeNews SEE YOU IN COURT WHERE WE ALREADY ARE BUT A DIFFERENT COURT SHUT UP NO YOU're STUPID! Sir, this is two sentences. It shouldn't be a comma. It should be a period. #GrammarNeoNazi Look who stopped by tonight? Jon Oliver, the little lad from Bedford! Over 135k people listened to the audio-only livestream of #9thCircuit hearing. Because Justice is blind but She's not f*cking deaf. Elementary math under Betsy Devos Q: Ned and Sheryl each have 4 apples. Who has more apples? A: Whomever Mike Pence decides has more apples. Tom Brady has cemented his spot as the GOAT! So weird. Just last year, people were calling him a CHEETAH! To be clear- the only plan Rachel Maddow and I have is our weekly couples yoga. #Namaste Wake up, sheeple! Bowling Green was an inside job! (inside Kellyanne Conway's head) #StayWoke #BowlingGreenTruth Thoughts and prayers tonight. Minus the thought. #prayforwafles Uber's CEO left Trump's business advisory council. Good news is, since Uber was the one to cancel, Trump doesnt have to pay the $10 fee. Happy Black History Month! Or as the Trump Administration is now calling it, All History Month. Tonight, we settle it. Trump has selected Judge Neil Gorsuch for his Supreme Court nominee. He celebrated by eating Merrick Garlands heart. Who is this charming hobo joining me on stage? Find out tonight! #OldSchool See ya at 11:35! #MouthsOpen John Hurt's Richard Rich in A Man for All Seasons - a paragon of heartbreaking human weakness & model for many of Happy Chinese New Year! It's the year of the cock! (For the next four years.) Cheer up, Mr. Trump: Your inauguration crowds may not have been huge, but the petition to release your taxes broke the White House record! Best. Nap. Ever. #ChanceTheNapper If I were the architect for Trump's Wall Id build a secret exhaust port the size of a womp rat so the rebels could save the Republic. My reaction to anyone who didn't love Mary Tyler Moore. #LoveIsAllAround My favorite endangered species in #BadLandsNationalPark is either the Black-Footed Ferret or the Brass-Balled Tweeter. Trumps Presidential Library will be divided into two sections: Non-Fiction and Alternative Facts. Trump says three to five million people cast votes illegally. Man, hes really taking Meryls Oscar nom hard. Tonight! I am the Boy in the Billy Bubble! Meanwhile.quite a few people here, too. Pope Francis offered some words to Donald Trump today. The sentiment was appreciated and all, but exorcisms have to be performed in person. See ya tonight! #MakeAmericaTieAgain Earth had its record hottest year for the third year in a row. Two more, and we all get to live on the set of Mad Max! Friday's edition of my assistant Caroline's Hunk-O-Day. #couldntagreemore Ready for a bright future! #Trump2020! The Mexican government has extradited El Chapo to the US. We all owe Trump an apology- Mexico IS sending criminals. Tomorrow night, Pres. Trump's first dance will be to Sinatra's My Way, while many Americans will be singing Fly Me To The Moon. Tonight: an old friend stops by to say goodbye to Obama. #HisSuitsAreLooser Putin says Trump is popular with the ladies. Makes sense. Why else would 200,000 of them be visiting Washington this weekend? Bill O'reilly will interview Donald Trump during the Super Bowl pregame. Are you ready for some SOFTBALLS! Trump Singles is a new dating site for folks who've recently repealed a relationship without a replacement plan. What was so bad about Vine?What was so bad about Vine?What was so bad about Vine?What was so bad about Vine?What was so bad about Vine? Trump says NATO is obsolete because it was designed a long time ago. Sh, nobody tell him how old the Constitution is. After reading that Director Comey was grilled over the Weiner investigation, I suddenly crave bratwurst. I stand with legendary civil rights hero And sometimes crowd-surf with him. Butter. Shrimp. Hominy. Sunday night supper. #thelittleworld Attn: is my friend, and yours, whoever you are, whether you agree with him or not. #Leadwithlove #goodtrouble Millennials are making 20% less than baby boomers did at their age. I want to react to this news properlywhats the opposite of YaS? Trump said he'll be the Greatest Job President God ever created. What does that means for the rest of us? Check out The Book of Job. Trump called Buzzfeed a failing pile of garbage. Which is weird, since their quiz result was actually raging dumpster fire. This is all just liberal media spin. Those Russian women had both just been stung by jellyfish. Should we be worried about President-elect Donald Trump? Depends. Julian Assange is in grave danger of losing his title as World's Most Notorious Leaker. Hey players, just 9 days into 2017 and I'm still holding strong on my resolution of referring to more strangers as player. View out my train window. Not sure if I'm on the Acela or Snowpiercer. #HailWilford Finally, a life raft of reason in the social media stormscape! speaks from the heart, mouth, and groin. Trumps DC hotel charges $24 for a cocktail, but for some reason, White Russians are on the house. Tiger Woods says he was impressed by Trump's golf game. Makes sense, Trump is known for winning with the lower number. Free marijuana will be given out on Inauguration Day to protesters. Half will march to the White House, the other half to the White Castle. Oprah said on the show tonight that I would get more Weight Watchers points than she would. And that, my friends, is white male privilege. My New Years resolution is to travel more. I want to explore exotic places I've never been, like Machu Picchu or the gym. Happy Birthday to J.R.R Tolkien. Aur Onnad Meren!#TolkienBirthdayToast Go Cats! #PinstripeBowl #AnyTheaterMajorsOnTheTeam? It was a joy to share even a moment with her. Boarding my flight. Wow. #ClassWarOnChristmas I am the King of Christmas. Your King commands you to be Merry!! Enjoying the holiday fire pit with some old friends. #2010Games #vancouver2010 On the guest bedroom door. A prized memento from my first appearance on Late Night w/ Conan. #HappyHolidays I'm playing THIS at my Christmas party! Joy with Jon! Some Bubbly with Batiste! Yeah! It's not a Christmas Carol, but it is seasonally appropriate music with me and Michael Stipe! Building a snowman is great for family bonding and even better for teaching your kids about the ephemeral nature of existence! Facebook's adding a Fake News warning. Ok, but where is the Your ex went on vacation with another guy and posted cute photos warning? Trump met with Apple CEO Tim Cook today. Trump and Apple have a lot in common, mostly that they both put i before everything. Donald Trump compared Paul Ryan to a fine wine, which is a compliment, if you've never had Trump Wine. To: New Energy Secretary Rick Perry- How bout we power the country with a turbine connected to the founding fathers rolling in their graves? It's not just Russia hacking our election. I heard the Golden Globes are being controlled by the Hollywood Foreign Press!! Do you think Hillary Clinton will watch her Facebook 2016 Year in Review? Trump won't attend daily U.S. intelligence briefings. Apparently, they're a schedule conflict with his Russian intelligence briefings. Trump has appointed a third Goldman Sachs executive to his economic team. One more and we get a free financial crisis! Survivor creator Mark Burnett may help with Trump's inaugural. Makes sense Trump was elected by the Tribal Council. A former WWE exec will serve in Trump's administration. God, I hope his presidency is also staged. Michael Flynn's son got fired from Trump's transition team today for spreading fake news. Look forward to seeing him regularly on A quick preview of my 2016 year in review. Dinner Service Company They say the camera adds 10 pounds so if you watch tonight's show closely, you'll see I hired two new camera operators. Elaine Chao has been picked for Transportation Secretary. She'll be in charge of all the busses that Trump throws people under. Today is #GivingTuesday. In addition to donating to your favorite charity, try giving zero fucks about Trump's tweets! Trumps #CyberMonday special: all tweets only 20% fact-checked! Its good to tell each family member what to bring to Thanksgiving dinner. That way two people don't show up with the same racist opinions. There is a good chance that Trump will appoint his Thanksgiving turkey as Secretary of the Tremendous Yum Zone. President Obama will pardon his last turkey tomorrow. But stay tuned for Thanksgiving 2017 when President Trump pardons a journalist. Oh joy Trump's cabinet is like a dream team of people who have never heard MLK's dream. Pence, Bannon, Sessions, Pompeo, Flynn, Priebus. Not sure Trump knows that, traditionally, you only need 4 horsemen. You and three friends still have a chance to join & me this Saturday! Auction ends in a few hours. Senate Democrats have hinted they might work with Donald Trump on issues like infrastructure, maternity leave, and not being jailed on Day 4 Apparently drinking a beer a day reduces the risk of stroke. Turns out I've been drinking since Tuesday for health reasons. The spectacular Supermoon makes me ponder the existential questions of the universe, like whether I could exist in it for the next 4 years. Donald Trump chose Steve Bannon as his new chief advisor. It's a rare example where two wrongs actually do make the Right. Ah, love! Gosh, I can't wait to see how I felt about it! You know, when you really think about it, I don't recommend you think about it. Wait a second What's this doing here? Live #LSSC tonight! #Vote Poor can't use his own Twitter anymore! NYT calls him anxious, staff calls him liability! Plus he'll never see this! Sad! Good luck to all marathoners! I'm not running, but in support, I will be carbo-loading and rubbing Vaseline on my nipples. Trump isnt planning a big celebration for Tuesday night. Just one more way the GOP won't have a party after this election. W Wow Cubs win! Congrats Chicago - see you in 2124! I'd like buy the movie rights to game 7, please. #GoCubbies #raindelayinmypants Hey! Wanna see me & John Oliver on stage, post-election, either talking & laughing or holding each other & weeping? Movie theaters are showing live election results. If Trump wins, they'll just segue right into The Hunger Games. They're changing the peach emoji so it won't look like a butt? Kiss my , Unicode 9.0. I tried to put as much thought into this tweet about James Comey as he put into his letter to Congress. The end. Happy Halloween! Otherwise known as the second-scariest night of the next two weeks. Remember: if you #GoVote now, you don't have to watch any more ads! Early voting info from And now, an important message from my fake office. #LSSC Experts say the wage gap wont close until 2186, probably around the same time women perfect asexual reproduction and toss us in the ocean. Trump's star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame was destroyed, so I guess you can't get away with everything if you're a star. My finest work. Emma Watson wrote a note urging Americans to vote. She didn't spend her childhood fighting a dark lord so we could elect one. Hey, look! I took a selfie to support #fightpovertysc and now the devil is sad! Join me at I don't want my Roomba to get any crazy ideas, so I make sure it's out of the room before I watch Westworld. Bernie Sanders said the media would find mean comments about Hillary if he got hacked. Luckily, his campaign shredded all of his telegrams. OK. Let's Get this over with! Dunston was SS, I flipped him with Dawson. Everybody calm down, and #GoCubs Trump mocked a porn star who accused him of assault. Odd he's so judgmental, given that he built his brand by screwing people. Trump's lawyer has asked that his campaign statements be excluded from the Trump University trial. And ideally, also from history. We've got and on the same show, it's gonna be a great one! Knock on Wood(s)! Trump says Clinton's tax plan would double everyone's taxes. Which in Trump's case would still be zero. Halloween costume idea: Chris Christie Brinkley. POTUS told Trump to 'stop whining about the elections. Might be tough since Donald doesn't seem to know what 'stop means. Tom Brady said he's going to vote. No word on who hes voting for, but given his love of deflated leathery balls. TrumpTV show idea. Rigged - Donald Trump fails at things and blames everybody but himself. Anyone care for a snack with POTUS? Tonight. Trump said his campaign could be his single greatest waste of time, of energy & money. Congrats, Donald! Today you are a Trump U graduate. Hey, if you're hiring, this guy's looking for a new gig. Watch #LSSC Monday for more. Colin Kaepernick will start for the 49ers on Sunday. This is the biggest Sunday loss for Trump supporters since the last debate. Scientists have discovered that mice make ultrasonic bleeps & whistles as a mating ritual, so I guess even mice are loving the new Bon Iver After last nights debate, another important message from Stephen Colberts den. #LSSC Fact checkers watching Trump's debate performance: And now an important message from Stephen Colbert's den. #TrumpBush2016 Who takes someone furniture shopping to seduce them? Is Trump hoping for a three-way with Raymour and Flanagan? #TrumpBush2016 This could hurt Trump's sterling reputation as a guy who demeans women 4 being overweight, using the bathroom, menstruating, and existing. The fact that Trump thinks that's a grabbable piece of anatomy is yet more evidence we need better Sex-Ed in this country. #TrumpBush2016 I'd love to play this Trump audio clip on my show, but on CBS you can't even say grab. #TrumpBush2016 Gotta be a typo. Pretty sure Hillary said This is terrific! Trump asked the terminally ill to hold on 'til Election Day to vote for him. Hes revamped Diddys slogan Vote Or Die to Vote, Then Die. Stick around, we've got a great show. Another Playboy video featuring Trump has surfaced. It's surprising because softcore porn typically doesn't contain any dicks. The only way segment in Chinatown could have been worse is if the asian people were portrayed by white actors. I'm Nervous I'm Nervous I'm Nervous Chants a small child As into the classroom walks A Nobel Prize for molecular machines! The scientists thanked Trump, the only human with small enough hands to operate the prototype. Elon Musk followed zero women on Twitter until yesterday, a clear sign he's given up on colonizing Venus. If avoiding federal taxes is what makes someone a genius, then lets revoke the Nobel Prize won by that tax-paying idiot Albert Einstein. There are two things in this world that are sure to be certain, death and not paying taxes. - Trump Theres finally an answer for all of you asking, Mr. Trump, how do you sleep at night? He doesnt. A study found that meerkats are the mammals most likely to murder each other, which explains why Timon is the only meerkat in The Lion King. A gay pride flag was launched into space. Now the only remaining destination for the LGBTQ symbol is the final frontier: North Carolina. Disney green-lit a live-action remake of The Lion King. But this time, instead of Scar, Mufasa will be killed by Trumps sons. Congress has overridden its first veto by President Obama, so it's official: They'll even block him from blocking them. Happy national #VoterRegistrationDay! Remember: You have to register, even if you're writing in Harambe. Trumps campaign manager called him the Babe Ruth of debating. So it's official: he'll be drunk. #LateShowLive A group of geese is a gaggle, a group of lions is a pride, a group of people nervous about tonight's debate is a Tw Had so much fun talking with I'm positive our conversation will make it into his next autobiography. Ted Cruz has endorsed Donald Trump because like the saying goes: If you can't beat em, let em humiliate you for months, then join em. True! I seem to remember POTUS won. Check out Magnificent Seven with & Ethan Hawke. But they're probably busy so just go see it with your family! Excited to see tax returns, mainly to learn which media outlets he's claimed as dependents. Woo hoo! Scientists learned how tardigrades resist radiation! But it's genetic, so: Any volunteers to mate with one? Emmys dropped the ball last night. Best Comedy Series should've been the GOP Debates. Loving this humid fall weather. You can still do shorts with a tweed jacket after Labor Day, right? Sure, we have self-driving cars now, but what about self-folding calzones? Do I have to do ALL of the work? Anyone see this movie yet? Im gonna watch it the way it was meant to be seenillegally downloaded from the studios servers. The good thing about the exploding Galaxy Note 7 is that if you lose it, you can track it down by following the fire trucks. Apparently Donald Trump thinks he needs to lose 15 to 20 pounds. Hey, how much does his mouth weigh? Watch tonight's game on Twitter with or without the express consent of the See ya in court! Hey, now that the iPhone 7 is coming out, Ive got an idea for you: the iPhone. 8. Its just crazy enough to work! Colin Powell's emails called Trump a national disgrace. But if he wins the election, I could see him going global. Hey, - what are you doing next Tuesday night? The Late Show has a spot with your name on it. Today President Obama said Trump's role model was Vladimir Putin. If you're in Trump's press pool, I'd be careful reporting that. Can't wait for Tesla's new self-driving features! This tweet was written by my car. You know the controversy over Hillary's health is bad when it drowns out the controversy over Trump's mental health. We taped tonight's show on Friday because I'm moving my son to college. But in a few days, I'll say it was pneumonia. #LSSC Have y'all heard the fan theory that Grease 2 is okay, but doesnt quite stack up against the original? Got a dentists appointment coming up. Anyone with really nice teeth want to sub in for me? Not sure if this tuna I bought is dolphin-safe. Ive fed this bottlenose 20 cans, and he's looking rough. Gotta say, Im feeling a lot less guilty about stealing that pen from my local Wells Fargo branch. Hey the next time my wife and I get into an argument, could you come over and mediate? I loved Hillarys postwhat luck that the photographer ran into her on the street! Who do you like in this Panthers-Broncos game? Im thinking Broncos 98, Panthers 76, but I also dont understand football. Hey, fellow Burners, did anyone find a chainmail unitard on the playa? If so, please send it to the Ed Sullivan Theater. Just 62 days out from the election, and 135 days until Obama resumes smoking in public. Wow, really looked presidential in Mexico. Might want to stay there! Anyone want to adopt a bumblebee? Hes flying around my bedroom right now; just knock on the closet door once youve picked him up. Question for all you sommeliers out there: What vintage would you recommend pairing with this half-eaten Snickers I found in my desk? Goodbye, Handsome. Depends, how much are you marking them up? Finner! Watch the band turn Chopin's Minute Waltz into Significantly Longer Waltz! I got my iPhone wet! I dont have a bag of rice to drop it in, but a bag of sashimi works, too, right? Want to help the people of Louisiana recover from this historic flood? Farewell, Hope some other website will step up and finally publish my nudes. So, if dropped does that mean they need a new spokesperson? I already waxed my bikini zone. #firstsevenjobs construction, bus boy, cafeteria server, library data entry, futon frame maker, futon salesman, waiter Were doing #LateShowConfessions tomorrow night. Got anything to confess? Tweet me now with the hashtag and I might read it on the show. ! A giant asteroid might destroy Earth! Unfortunately, it wont get here until 2135, so it looks like I still have to do the dishes. A fun campaign book by John Dickerson, the best & fairest DC analyst I know! Get it for the political geek u love: I'm gonna guess. borscht? Someone who knows this job, takes it seriously, who understands the issues of our nation are not black or white, cannot be boiled down to Been watching the DNC, and Im detecting a strong anti-Trump bias. Well unpack everything tonight on a live #LSSC! #DemsInPhilly Watching the speech. See you soon! Live! #LSSC Welcome to the third night of my live #LSSC spectacular! Can you believe I havent slept yet?! #ColbertRNC The delegates have cast their votes, and it looks like Ill be doing another live #LSSC tonight! #ColbertRNC What's doing here? Find out tonight! #LSSC Tonight Im finally turning #LSSC into the rollicking musical Ive always envisioned. Tune in! Rehearsing my big song-and-food number for tonights live #LSSC! Wait, its song and DANCE?! Uh-oh. We promise tonight's live show will have more going on than the RNC condiments station. At the center of power at the RNC Once again, our hearts are broken for our brothers and sisters in France. Libert, galit, Fraternit Whos Trump going to pick as his VP? My moneys on someone with valuable shutting up experience. Turns out David Cameron will be stepping down this week and not in October. Man, I wish I had that many vacation days saved up. I love catching Pokmon on this new app! Much better than the stuff you can catch from Tinder. Thank you, Heben Excited to welcome to the show tonight! Hold on, is #LSSC part of the Warped Tour now? Hey, if Boris Johnson wont be Britains PM, maybe he can be Trumps stunt double during fight scenes? In Rio, the only Olympic event that really matters is your bodys ability to fight off an infection. We remember your burgers fondly, Alex. See you soon, I hope.Only in Monroe! It don't get much deeper. Were covering the political conventions LIVE, and we want you to cover our seats! #LSSC I even waxed! Wait, is hype woman now? If so, I might suggest a larger watch. Anyone see Game of Thrones last night? So crazy when my HBO cut out and I had to watch Madam Secretary insteaddid NOT see that coming! What a privilege to meet him.. is going to CNN? Corey, does this mean you wont be taking that position at the National Organization for Women? Thanks to these people, about thirty different pigs showed up at the theater last night. #LSSC Who do you think Hillarys going to choose for her VP? I mean, she already told ME who its going to be, but who do YOU think? I follow for Charleston. Follow him for your home town. #goodtrouble Excited to learn that Stephen: The Language of Dance is among the free Ticketmaster settlement concerts. Come out and see me sparkle! Stephen's Live Colonoscopy Ends In Disaster. Alexander Skarsgrd Still Missing. #LSSC Hope you all had a great International Yoga Day. Im currently working on my favorite pose: Recumbent Swiss Roll Consumer. Excited to get this new Netflix logo burned into my computer monitor. I was tired of watching the old one. So annoying that gets to be Hamilton just because he knows the lyrics and isn't banned from the Richard Rodgers Theater.. and I sang the National Anthem in 30 secondsthink you can do it faster? Bet you can't. #LSSC The FBI raided production facilities this morning, but we can still show you the commercial. #LSSC Hey! Comedian on TONIGHT doing stand up. With jokes and everything! I know him, he's funny! 11:35pm/10:35c Rumble! Squeezebox vs. Face Piano! Amen Who would win in a fight: A-Rod w/ a trident and net or Tom Brady w/ a morning star and shield? #FridayNightFights Here are all the lists I've made on 1) My first list. Check it out! Wow: Unlocked the secret #BubbleBurstBernie level where plays with you! #LSSC Who would win in a fight: Jimmy Carter w/ Adamantium claws or George H. W. Bush w/ laser vision? #FridayNightFights It's #BubbleBurstBernie! Kill some time until you're mathematically eliminated! #LSSC Play Bubble Burst Bernie! The best political video game since Senator Pac-Man. #LSSC Who would win in a fight? #FridayNightFights Like movies? Join me in NJ with 150+ films, events, and parties starting tonight, thru May 8! #MFF16 My friend new doc #NothingLeftUnsaid debuts tomorrow at 9pm on CNN! Dont worry, it ends in time for you to watch my show. Who is David Tennant? Yes. And vice versa. #LSSC Spring is here! Celebrate by attending a #LSSC taping and bringing me some Flonase. Burr and Hamilton. Hatfield and McCoy. and #LSSC Who would win in a fight? #FridayNightFights Honored to have one million subscribers! Who knows what number comes next?! #LSSC . will be on #LSSC tonight, assuming his appearance doesnt get tied up in committee. Check out the new book Callings: The Purpose and Passion of Work. It's just like radio but on paper. Monday's guest has a lot of big ideas, and also several smaller ones. #LSSC Its the #LSSC tax guide! Print this out and throw it into the grocery bag where you keep your receipts. Historical consequentia! #DemDebate Wanna spend the wknd w/ me? 4/29-5/1. Opening Night + convos with Rob Reiner & Richard Curtis: It was delicious! Thanks Benlissa McCartcone! #Smooshed Always an honor to have cartoon-yell at me. #LSSC Tonight, two-dimensional is back with his one-dimensional ideas. #LSSC Tonight! The triumphant return of Cartoon Donald Trump! #LSSC Which team name would win in a fight? #FridayNightFights Who would win in a fight? #FridayNightFights A lever that big isnt easy to maneuver, so I called in some backup. #LSSC Tonight! When is angry, he gets really animated. #LSSC Please dont show this to the People for the Ethical Treatment of Percussion. #LateShow #LSSC Enjoy freedom while you can, John. Who would win in a fight: animatronic Chuck E. Cheese band or the knights of Medieval Times? #FridayNightFights Oops. I meant more than zero percent chance Trump wins. #waytooearly #CBSThisMorning #everythingwillbeok #BestSchoolDay Hrmm.whew. #thereisnothinglikeadame Last night and I got all hopped up on Dr. Pepper and couldn't sleep. #LSSC Hey Paxil, may have the perfect song for the before part of your commercials. #LSSC Worth the wait.Thank you, Mr. Moon! #gravitywellwellwell In honor of 100 shows.a mini doc about the week before we started 6 months ago. Thank you Late Show staff! I just bought my tickets. Camping in line. Cosplaying as Media Elite. This was much more productive than collaboration with Beaker. #LSSC There's your trouble. Who would win in a fight: an Apple Genius w/ a switchblade or a Walmart greeter w/ a crossbow? #FridayNightFights Who would win in a fight: Bigfoot or the Tooth Fairy? #FridayNightFights I trusted you! #wefixeditinedit Thank for Stopping by, Give my best to South Carolina! #LSSC Tonight, join me for a fun and sassy photo shoot with my new best friends. #LSSC Damn, Jon. My underdesk sandwich man- he's always there! #BernieSandwiches Blackbird: You were only waiting for Jon's version to arise. Try watching this 2 or 3 or 50 times! #Batistemania Tonight, Bill OReilly explains how captured America's hearts, minds, and above all, ears. Watch tonight at 10:30 pm, before I get her deported back to Saskatchewan for this. #LSSC Thanks to Will Ferrell for stopping by and showcasing the fiercest beasts that Petco has to offer. Which is more joyful: seeing a photo of a coworker's baby or free guac on your burrito? #FridayNightFights Who would win in a fight: Mozart with a magic flute or Beethoven with a machete? #FridayNightFights Try this one on for size - Nina Simone And you want to travel with him and you want to travel blind. On to New Hampshire! Not for the primaries; I'm just addicted to covered bridges. #LSSC Got my Super Bowl squad ready. Hey Tina Fey, Will Ferrell, and Aim for the knees! #LSSC The final guests for my Super Bowl special? and Hopefully they have chemistry with each other. #LSSC Also excited to welcome Will Ferrell to my Super Bowl special! Can't wait to see what he can do on a Sunday Night Live. #LSSC Excited to welcome Tina Fey and to my Super Bowl special! Can you bring food? All I have is some mustard packets. #LSSC At a crossroads? In a dispute? Let unlicensed therapist Dr. Stephen T. Colbert fix it on a future show. Tweet me! #doctorinthehouse Who wins in a fight: Steven with a v or Stephen with a ph? #FridayNightFights Which is more inescapable: supermassive black hole or obligation to be with family at holidays? #FridayNightFights Who would win: Tony the Tiger or Mr. Peanut? #FridayNightFights Going to be in NYC next month? Come to a #LSSC taping! After you visit the Queensboro Bridgeit's a must-see. Can you believe how controversial this tweet is? Please RT. #LSSC Havent seen on TV in a few milliseconds. hope hes okay. #LSSC Who would win in a fight: LeBron James w/ Green Lanterns ring or Michael Jordan w/ genie lamp? #FridayNightFights Who would win in a fight: Santa or Thanos? #FridayNightFights Who loves the other one more? #FridayNightFights Who would win a hammer fight: Trump or Cruz? #FridayNightFights Hey, 103.3 The Groove: Its not a Rock Block without some Starship. Stop wasting my time. #LSSC Happy birthday, Julian Bond! In your memory, is creating a new professor position. Support by donating here: If Twitters stock price goes any lower, Im concerned that none of us are ever going to get paid for this. #LSSC Heres a hot lottery tip: 8, 21, 26, 40, 51, Powerball 17. You didnt hear it from me. #LSSC Ugh, Ive been waiting at this DMV forever. What do I have to do, come back when theyre open?! #LSSC Apparently Kim Davis got invited to the #SOTU, if youre wondering who half of the room will be clapping for. #LSSC Tonight! Buy American (Powerball tickets)! Congratulations to the Alabama football players on winning the national titledont spend all the money in one place, guys! #LSSC My favorite movie of all time? Oberons Promise (2056). So publishes Sean Penn's El Chapo interview, but they won't even CONSIDER my D.B. Cooper erotic fan fiction?! #LSSC Picking up a few extra bucks by playing myself at Madame Tussauds. Stop by and say, Hi! $800 million Powerball drawing tonight! The winner can come to the dark alley behind the Ed Sullivan Theater to claim their prize. #LSSC Tonight! Weve got a live one! #LSSC 10 million followers! To all of the Estonian spambots that made this possible: Aith. #LSSC Tonight! I take on the deli-industrial complex. #LSSC Another rough day on Wall Street. Good thing all of my savings are tied up in Greek municipal bonds! #LSSC Still struggling to lose my holiday weight from 2006. #LSSC Tonight! The luddite of laughter. #LSSC If North Korea is dropping H-bombs, can I start dropping F-bombs? #LSSC cc: Hey, Ive been occupying this Roy Rogers bathroom stall for the last two hoursam I a militiaman now? #LSSC Tonight! Heres looking at you, #LSSC Thank you for joining me for Stephen Colberts Boppin New Years Eve. #ColbertNYE Whatever. Im just taking the next exit and gunning the side streets home. What a terrible night. Hope yours was better. #ColbertNYE Well, its twelve oclock. Happy New Year, everyone. Yeah, excellent start to the year. Fantastic. #ColbertNYE Now everybodys honking. This is just great. #ColbertNYE Damn it! Move out of the way! Im supposed to be singing a duet with Paul McCartney right now! #ColbertNYE Come on. This is such bullshit. #ColbertNYE Ok, if this breaks up in the next 15 minutes, Ill still make Paul McCartney, & Ill still be in time to see the ball to drop. #ColbertNYE We are really not moving at all here. And Pharrell should be going on right about now. Shit! #ColbertNYE Man, traffic is seriously backed up. Hey folks, sorry, but this live-tweet will pick up steam once I get to the party, promise. #ColbertNYE Okay, okay, its not so bad. Ill just be a little late. Might miss a little bit of the magic show, but no biggie. Its fine. #ColbertNYE Lets see. Ill just take the parkway and hopefully Gah! Look at all of this traffic! Are you kidding me? #ColbertNYE Its going to be a bash for the ages! Just need to drive over. Shouldnt take more than ten minutes, tops. Woo! #ColbertNYE Tonights party will feature celebrity drop-ins aplenty, including special performances by Pharrell Williams and Paul McCartney! #ColbertNYE Welcome to Stephen Colberts Boppin New Years Eve! Ill be live-tweeting my fabulous NYE party just as soon as I get there. #ColbertNYE Stephens Picks! Todays Stephen Pick: Sheet rock. It's quicker than plaster! Stephens Picks! Todays Stephen Pick: Celery sticks with peanut butter. A delicious and healthy lunchtime treat. Who would win? #ChristmasBattle Who would win in a fight? #ChristmasBattle Do I die my hair? #ChristmasBattle Who would win in a fight? #ChristmasBattle Who would win in a fight? Thanos or Santa? #ChristmasBattle Who would win in a fight? The Brothers Karamazov or the Concept of Egalitarianism? #ChristmasBattle How is my last name pronounced? Do you all prefer multi-colored lights or the plain, white ones? Hurry, because its cold up here on this ladder. Tonight! Santa Claws! #LSSC Tonight! lives up to her name. #LSSC Now it's your turn. Go forth and spread these rumors and make up your own #spoilerspoilers. Chewie shoots first! Once everyone finds out they're delicious, the Ewoks are hunted to extinction. #spoilerspoilers Samuel L. Jackson comes back to life as Mace Windu and exclaims, What's in your wallet? #spoilerspoilers That tri-blade lightsaber turns out to be able to talk. Its catchphrase: Hey! Im lightsaberin\\ here! #spoilerspoilers There's a scene where Chewbacca gets into some dark chocolate and has to spend the night at the vet. #spoilerspoilers Our only defense against Star Wars spoilers is flooding the national conversation with fake ones. So here are my #spoilerspoilers: Tonight! My probing interview with Robert De Niro. #LSSC Tonight! Han Solo becomes Han Duo. #LSSC And now, the Hanukah celebration draws to its Hanukonclusion. #LSSC Can you believe Hanukah is almost over? Savor these last videos like a fine glass of Manischewitz. #LSSC Fun chat w/ pal show: working together early improv days & more Tonight! Cant get tickets? This is almost as good. #LSSC Whos tonights Hanukah guest? It couldnt any clearer. #LSSC Tonight! I give my buddy Jon Stewart a makeover. #LSSC Its the fifth night of Hanukah! Only one shopping day until the sixth night of Hanukah! #LSSC Tonight! Downton Abbey is successfully Americanized! #LSSC #DowntonPBS Whos going to deliver tonights Hanukah gift? Watch what happens. #LSSC Tonight! French 101 with Marion Cotillard. #LSSC Time for another Hanukah treat! Could it be: new towels?!? #LSSC . presents. Hanukah Night 2: The Re-Candling. #LSSC Happy Hanukah! got you something special this year. Not you, evil King Antiochus! Indeed it sometimes does Happy Thanksgiving! Gov. and I are helping South Carolinians rebuild their flood-damaged homes, but we could use your help. Its the #LSSC opening, like youve never seen it before! Unless youre director Great to have on the show tonight. To help me thank her, please check out Actual last chance to get in a mnage nerd with me and J.J. Abrams. #ColbertAbrams Homeless veterans need your help. Support them at: #enlistme Your turn, Last chance to join me and J.J. Abrams at a meeting of the nerd minds. #ColbertAbrams Glad ur back That appendix didnt deserve u! Besides, your pancreas is way cuter! #seriouslysurgeryisnojokegetbettershowisgreat No! 162! #mathfail #LSSC Join JJ Abrams + me in the Sarlacc pit. #StarWarsTheForceAwakens #ColbertAbrams Check out #TheGreatListen project and document that 10-mile walk to school, uphill both ways. You dont have to hire Night Vale's to apologize for you in person anymore. #LSSC You think your dance moves are cool? Well, what language do they communicate? #LSSC Coming soon: The Late Show with Stephen Colbert and Also Monsters. #LSSCAAM Excited to welcome to #LSSC on October 27! Can't wait to find out what project shes promoting. #Ainulindal Craving a nerd sandwich? Let J.J. Abrams and me be the bread. #ColbertAbrams Thanks for the present, I'm impressed you managed to part with it. #LSSC . and Stay Human are a Triforce to be reckoned with. Or in this case: Quadforce. #LSSC Every rock star has a weird road story. Here's one cut from his memoir. #LSSC . takes you where the mainstream media doesnt realize its afraid to go. #LSSC It's all true, ! #PunchBowlOfLightning ello, govnuh! Or, as says now: Hello, governor! #LSSC Entrepreneurs, forget your business plan. This 30-second video from Airbns is all you need. #LSSC The tackling dummy was such a prima donna, it demanded its own green room. #LSSC After we kicked this goat out of the theater, we let him say his piece. #LSSC . has a steamy story from his time at the Fed. NSFW!! (Not safe for WallStreet) #LSSC My guest on Oct. 16 will be Unless this is an elaborate prank. #LSSC Find out what's on mind, thanks to the power of omniscient narration. #LSSC When you think of a calming presence, I bet is the first name that comes to mind. #LSSC They havent yet written a song that cant cabriole to. #LSSC A new version of a and classic? You dont say say say! #SaySaySay Tonight, is. Maverick! Remember 'maverick, kids? Watch this anyway. #LSSC Last-minute addition to tonights show: Freeman and the Morgettes! #LSSC Tomorrow night at NYC's Webster Hall: and Stay Human! Ive always wanted to see them live. Watch Claire Danes put on a 15-second acting clinic. #LSSC Learn how is changing the snapping game. again. #LSSC Support by seeing me destroy J.J. Abrams in a nerd-off on 11/21! #ColbertAbrams Seems like no one writes thank you notes anymore. But spoke me a lovely one. #LSSC About to interview -- snap me your typical snapping-chat to spiegelchat on Snapchat, maybe we'll use it on the show! #LSSC My guest tomorrow is What should I ask him? Record a video of your question and tweet it to w/ #interviewdiepie They say, To be a writer, be a reader. And to write short stories, be a speed reader. Like Jesse Eisenberg. 20 min. to the new The Daily Show- Just set up my series recording! #TDSWTN Who was biggest influence, other than and #LSSC Only 14 shows in, but my favorite moment so far, with Malala the Magnificent! #62milliongirls #malalafund #MAGIC! In school I learned to pretend I read Moby Dick. #62milliongirls don't have that chance. When I need life advice, I always turn to And if he's busy, #LSSC Whats it like to be both Catholic and gay? Can survive the paradox? #LSSC My guest needs you for the #GlobalCitizen festival! A few other people, too. Back during our test shows, Chef Daniel Boulud made the whole staff lunch! #tbt Tonight on #LSSC: The most exciting Catholic clergyman who isn't in the USA on business. Hey Nation! is so close to 100k followers. Let's push him over the top! He's the best. #VivaAlanBrady Ever since appeared on my show, people have been asking: Who? November #LSSC tickets will soon be available! I don't know when, but does.. The rare candidate willing to take a stand on issues that matter, and the ones that don't. #LSSC Some people just think they can park their car anywhere. #LSSC Whats on Ban Ki-moons plate? Besides resolving geopolitical conflict? #LSSC Do you have too much money? That's where my personal lifestyle brand comes in. #LSSC Watch this video to learn how to write songs like I cant help you with the beard. #LSSC Some lesser-known trivia. #LSSC Excited to announce that I've signed to a multi-album deal! #LSSC Call on world leaders to invest in clean water and sanitation for girls and women, and meet in the process! What?!! Nobody told you that the new Star Wars opens 2 days earlier in Ireland did they? #LSSC Siri, put Apple CEO Tim Cook on my calendar for Tuesday, Sept. 15. Oh, and come up with some questions to ask him. Please join us tonight for a memorable conversation with Biden. I suddenly have enormous affection for Kendrick Lamar. #LSSC Cant believe George Clooney and I talked for 6 straight hours last night! Heres a little of what you missed: #LSSC Jeb Bush: Now Even Trumpier! I'd vote for this guy. #LSSC Jeb! Bonus! Clip! Tune into #LSSC tonight at 11:33! It starts at 11:35, but get to your TV early for a better seat.. I'm inner! See you Tuesday, my Jebroh! Enter this raffle and I might ask your question on #LSSC! Have your voice heard, in the form of my voice. Denali? McKinley? Was Stephen Colbert's Sweet-Ass Mountain even considered?! #LSSC As of today, I can give you driving directions through It's like I'm riding shotgun, without paying for gas. September 10th, #LSSC welcomes Joe Biden! Wait, if hes here, whos Vice Presidenting the country? Thanks to I can also reveal: I was Death in Bergmans 7th Seal. #ChessAnyone? #ISwearItsAComedyShow #LSSC Thanks to I can finally reveal: I am the face on Mars. #ISwearItsAComedyShow #LSSC Full disclosure: in the rest of this cover photo Im doing naked tai-chi. #ISwearItsAComedyShow #LSSC This week in my comedy formula: joyless gaze + bloodless lips + dead eyes =laughs! #ISwearItsAComedyShow #LSSC Comedy plus equals Tragedy. #ISwearItsAComedyShow #LSSC Halloween Idea: Scary Drifter Mask. #ISwearItsAComedyShow #LSSC I think the full name of the magazine is The Ravages Of Time. #ISwearItsAComedyShow #LSSC You cant see it from my cover photo, but Im laughing from the neck down. #ISwearItsAComedyShow #LSSC Platon is a great photographer. An honor to work with this artist, and #ISwearItsAComedyShow. Hilarious! #ISwearItsAComedyShow Full disclosure: I panicked and got my arms stretched at the last minute. Now none of my suits fit. We clogged feed and now Norway is massively supporting girls education! Clog it again to say thanks! Living the life. Norwegian PM is supporting girls education and has replaced Thor as my favorite Norwegian! Ask to support girls education! I can teach drama and pre-cal, but I'm only one man. #EducationFjorAll Check me out on the cover of Unless you have an allergic reaction to houndstooth. Morning balloon frenzy with friends! #LSSC Hanging out with 600 friends in Union Square this morning! Thanks for braving the heat! #LSSC I will miss Julian Bond: A Great Man, and my Black Friend: I wrote an article for and they put me on the cover! (I look a lot like Karlie Kloss in makeup.) #LSSC Help me and take action, fight poverty, and listen to . will be on #LSSC Sept. 8! My first GOP candidate! Luckily I do 200 shows a year, so I think I can fit them all. Can't wait to get on the air Sept 8th. Until then: #dryTrumping Rude man in middle -show biz cores cbs George Clooney will be my first-ever #LSSC guest on September 8th! Could one of you let him know? Psst! Hey, buddy, want to buy some #LSSC test show tickets? Click the link. No cops. I stood with Mitt! #LSSC Check out the newest #LSSC Tooncast! I think I finally catch the Road Runner in this one! It took weeks of work, but I finally found the turn this into a cartoon button on our video editing software. #LSSC Something's wrong with my iPad! Should I wash it again? #LSSC Heard Donald Trump is thinking of running as a third-party candidate. He's got Hillary's vote! #LSSC Lunch With Stephen: The Series presents: The Thrilling Conclusion: Friday: The Enluncheoning of Stephen Colbert #LSSC Looks like I shook the off my tail. How about lunch? #LSSC Glcklich donnerstag! Please to join me for mittagessen again? #LSSC Lunch? You're in too deep to say no, buddy. #LSSC I'm right behind you! #LSSC No, just tweets from cool people like you! #LSSC Oh yeah. I know her. On my new podcast talks jazz, and I deliver a killer word solo. #LSSC I knew it! Let's meet again for lunch (unless you're from the Fish & Wildlife Service). #LSSC Thrive SC provides housing and resources to victims of domestic violence and could use your support. Donate today: Hey, it's Tuesday! Let's redo lunch! #LSSC Jake is Jacked! #phenomenal #Southpaw #marshall #mpact #OnlyInMonroe #LSSC Let's do lunch! #LSSC I made a fun video game for you! Retweet this to begin. #LSSC Just released the latest installment of my podcast! Feel free to listen at work, unless you work for me. #LSSC Space fact! Pluto was named by an 11-year-old girl (just barely beating out Princess Celestia. ) #LSSC #SpaceFacts Got all worked up about Pluto today and accidentally said name three times. #LSSC New Horizons snapped one great photo of Pluto. Thank god it didnt blink! #LSSC Hey Im sick of you hitting Pluto below the Kuiper Belt. Come here and pick on someone in your own orbit! #LSSC Whoa. South Carolina's Statehouse lowered the Confederate flag! Wait, does this mean we add another star to our flag? #LSSC Thanks to for having me on Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee! Same time tomorrow morning? Taking my kids to see 'magic Mike XXL tonight. Don't know what it's about, but my kids are crazy about magic! #LSSC The #NYSE went down! If anyone can read this, tell my family I love them AFTER you watch this video: #LSSC Bunker Selfie! #LSSC BP is paying $18.7 bil for their Deepwater Horizon oil spillthat comes out to roughly $18.7 bil for every planet they're destroying. #LSSC U-S-A! S-O-C-C-E-R! C-O-N-G-R-A-T-U-L-A-T-I-O-N-S O-N T-H-E B-I-G W-I-N! Y-O-U A-R-E A-N I-N-S-P-I-R-A-T-I-O-N T-O U-S A-L-L! #LSSC I'm still getting the cheddar out of my beard. That was a fun day. #CantFinditGrindit The great Willie captured in art. Deeply and dogly. It was an honor to guest-host this month's Only in Monroe. CBS has some big shoes to fill. #LSSC Had a blast interviewing on Only in Monroe. I've never met a better Bob Seger cover rapper. #LSSC Did my 20, you're up (stretch first, Your Holiness) #givethem20 #LSSC #GiveThem20 Got challenged to do 20 push-ups by or as they call it in Merry London, Two Stone of Armsies #LSSC Saw Me and Earl + Dying Girl (cut to: brief animation of heart w/ eyes + mouth w/ snorkel, crying- room fills w/ tears) #MeAndEarl It's an historic day: My new same-sex marriage video is now legal in all 50 states! #LSSC Looking forward to Justice Scalia's dissenting opinion of this video. #LSSC My dog used to bring me the newspaper, but now he just forwards me links. #LSSC They're putting a woman on the $10 bill. And if they make it your grandma she won't even have to sign your birthday card. #LSSC WARNING: Q-tips should not be inserted into ears. My podcast is A-OK, though. #LSSC Rare, behind-the-scenes video of how I look out of makeup: #LSSC Peace and Love and Unity in the Holy City The new Late Show will have so many surprises for you! For me, too. I tend to nod off during meetings. #LSSC My new luxury Trump video can be viewed in such glamorous cities as London, New York, Vegas, and Fort Wayne. #LSSC I want this tweet to go viral. So imagine a kitten getting hit in the nuts with a leaked photo of the iPhone 7. #LSSC I hate it when I get a song stuck in my head -- but it's better than getting it stuck in my liver. #LSSC They say if you want to get something done, give it to a busy person. Still, hasn't even started cleaning out my basement. #LSSC Lots of details to work out on the new Late Show , but as of now, Im probably still involved! #LSSC Fun Fact! Techno music got its name because it is technocally music. #LSSC Did you know I have access to the CBS vault? I could watch these outtakes of Angela Lansbury dropping F-bombs all day #MurderSheCussed #LSSC Got a new desk for my show. Can anyone meet me at Raymour and Flanigan to help me move it? #LSSC Will I understand Jurassic World if I didn't see Triassic World? #LSSC I can't wait for the next Mad Max movies: Bargaining Max, Depression Max, and finally, Acceptance Max. #LSSC So glad that we got to lead the band on my show. Much better than my original idea: a bunch of wind chimes and a fan. #LSSC Favorite pizza topping? Sometimes mushrooms, sometimes peppers. Favorite pizza bottoming? Always pizza. #LSSC Take it from me. Don't lend your high-waisted shorts to Taylor Swift and expect to get them back. #LSSC Another day, another dollar. I've really got to renegotiate my contract. #LSSC Buy something today. Then, when it breaks after the warranty ends in 90 days - cheer yourself up with The Late Show premiere Sept. 8. #LSSC Just read the comics for the first time in ages. Man, Dilbert does NOT like Mondays. And he looks more like a cat than I remember. #LSSC Does anyone know where we can buy one of those 100 Days Without A Workplace Accident signs? Ours has a lot of dried blood on it. #LSSC If I've learned anything from watching soccer, this FIFA scandal will end in a disappointing tie. #LSSC #LSSC Hope you're sitting down, because I've got some news that'll make you stand up. #LSSC Man, who'd have thought it'd be June already? Anyone with a calendar, I guess. I've got to start thinking these tweets through better. #LSSC Android Users: Please be patient, you'll have a version of Colbr soon. Actual Androids: This sentence is a lie. #LSSC I made you something else: #LSSC Hey, I made you something. Scandal has forced the president of FIFA to resign. Next: the president of FOFUM! #LSSC If you know what you're doing, every axe can be a battle-axe. #LSSC Systematically curing all my phobias with immersion therapy. Does anyone have the number for a clown made of snakes? #LSSC If I was on a desert island and could only have one book, I'd choose Atlas Shrugged. Because that's 1,088 pieces of toilet paper. #LSSC Working on topical monologues for The Late Show Premiere on Sept. 8 Hope you guys are still into Left Shark. #LSSC I probably don't tweet as often as I should. But in my defense, you check Twitter way too often. #LSSC Such a great weekend -- went out to the beach and binge-watched the sunset. Ask to give US icon Yogi Berra the Pres Medal of Freedom #DdayVet #ForkInRoad #YogiMedal:sign here At Black Panthers: Vanguard of the Revolution by Stanley Nelson -Montclair Film Festival. Hopeful & tragic story beautifully told. #MFF15 Just saw Hello, My Name is Doris at Montclair Film Festival. Crushingly fantastic. #SallyField #MFF15 The Montclair Film Festival starts tomorrow. 10 days! 150 films! I'm seeing all of them! #betweenjobs #MFF15 See you there! I'm about to watch Won't you join me? Well, I'm impressed. #keepingit100 I changed the world! Last night's show, my best yet. TONIGHT: won the National Book Award for his collection of short stories, Redeployment. 11:30/10:30c. Last night's show, my best yet. I'm raffling off my C shaped desk for charity. If you win it and don't like it, you can re-gift it to TONIGHT: Platinum-selling hip hop artist 11:30/10:30c. Last night's show, my best yet. Fun fact: uses the same cologne as and TONIGHT: from the new movie, The Interview. 11:30/10:30c. I'm raffling off my desk and fireplace. They'll look great in your empty TV studio at home. Enter this raffle for a chance to win my desk! It'll look perfect in your full-scale Colb-dollhouse. Last night's show, my best yet. Looking to remodel your home in my image? A $10 donation could win you my desk or my fireplace! Smaug was an intimidating guest. Luckily I had a leftover black arrow from that time I interviewed Richard Branson. Tonight is my last ever Thursday show if you don't count next Thursday. My guest tonight is the star of The Hobbit! I'll let him ask me some questions about it. TONIGHT: One of the stars of The Hobbit: The Battle of Five Armies. 11:30/10:30c. Just totally dominated a staring contest! I finished in the top two! Last night's show, my best yet. TONIGHT: Host and executive producer of the hit podcast Sarah Koenig. 11:30/10:30c. Last night's show, my best yet. Time to Rewind 2014! (or just Fast Forward to 3:37!) TONIGHT: Actor and comedian James Corden plays The Baker in the film adaptation of, Into the Woods. 11:30/10:30c. Last night's show, my best yet. Might want to add 10 minutes to your DVR tonight. We go little longer than usual. is Sorry, Chris! TONIGHT: President Barack Obama. 11:30/10:30c. Last night's show, my best yet. TONIGHT: Dr. Paul Farmer co-founded Partners In Health which provides healthcare around the world. 11:30/10:30c. Got sad about only having 9 shows left, so I switched to binary. Now I have 1001 shows left! Last night's show, my best yet. TONIGHT: Christopher Nolan directed the new film, Interstellar. 11:30/10:30c. Last night's show, my best yet. TONIGHT: and perform their duet from, Cheek to Cheek. 11:30/10:30c. favorite fractions. (3/3) every single one of my (2/3) Stay tuned for a list of (1/3) Last night's show, my best yet. I've always been a die hard fan of Star Wars. Not to mention a Star Wars fan of Die Hard. It's cyber monday. So for today only, my twitter feed is free! TONIGHT: co-authored the new book, Thirteen Soldiers: A Personal History of Americans at War. 11:30/10:30c. Happy Thanksgiving! This year I'm thankful that your family is so annoying you're checking Twitter instead of talking to them. Happy Cranksgiving! #taintmisbehavin They say the camera adds 10 pounds. Which means when I come back from Thanksgiving break, I'll have hired 2 more cameramen. Last night's show, my best yet. Obama's action on immigration may not technically be illegal, but it feels illegal. Like when your mom catches you drinking when you're 21. Great seeing my good friend Jon Stewart. I really hope his movie does well and he never learns about jealous quotation marks . TONIGHT: Host of and director of the new movie, Rosewater. 11:30/10:30c. Last night's show, my best yet. TONIGHT: Renowned author and Nobel laureate, Toni Morrison. 11:30/10:30c. Last night's show, my best yet. Global warming isn't real because I was cold today! Also great news: World hunger is over because I just ate. TONIGHT: is the executive producer of the new documentary, Food Chains. 11:30/10:30c. Last night's show, my best yet. Suck it, Denmark! RT! Bear? Did you lose my number? DM me. So I know it's you, growl something only you would growl. It's Sweeps Week, so be sure to tune in for all my celebrity guest stars like me and whoever I booked this week. TONIGHT: Independent Senator from Vermont, Bernie Sanders. ( 11:30/10:30c. Last night's show, my best yet. TONIGHT: Jennifer Lawrence stars in the new film, The Hunger Games: Mockingjay, Part One. 11:30/10:30c. Yahoo! just bought an online ad platform for $640M, great news for everyone who thought Yahoo! just needed more ads. Last night's show, my best yet. I am SHOCKED by that risqu Kim Kardashian magazine cover! (Note: please retweet every two months, as applicable) TONIGHT: UCLA mathematics professor Terence Tao discusses prime numbers. 11:30/10:30c. Last night's show, my best yet. TONIGHT: Fashion designer Diane Von Furstenberg discusses her new book, The Woman I Wanted to Be. 11:30/10:30c. Last night's show, my best yet. Mt. Dew is testing a Doritos flavor. Said the head flavor scientist: I am become crunch, the destroyer of worlds. The only downside to Republicans controlling both chambers of congress- It's a little matchy-matchy. #glamourGOP TONIGHT: Talk show host Cohen discusses his new book, The Andy Cohen Diaries. 11:30/10:30c. See Steve Carell and me talk about Steve Carell (and me!) Nov 21st for Last night's show, my best yet. TONIGHT: Author discusses his new book, How We Got to Now. 11:30/10:30c. Last night's show, my best yet. I'm not tweeting any celebratory emoji about last night, but if I were, it would be the elephant, the fireworks, and the moneybag. Benedict Cumberbatch got engaged! I hope I get invited to his Cumberbatchelor party. It's November 5th, so to all my followers in the Southern Hemisphere: Happy Cinco de Mayo! TONIGHT: discusses her new book, Off the Sidelines: Raise Your Voice, Change the World. 11:30/10:30c. Last night's show, my best yet. Do elections bore you? Then tune in to my LIVE show! The elections will still be boring, but there could be a nip slip! #GoVote! My favorite right to exercise besides my right to not exercise. #GoVote because the only Voter ID you need is YOU! (And also a Voter ID in a lot of places.) Last night's show, my best yet. TONIGHT: The host of Meet the Press and NBC Nightly News political analyst, 11:30/10:30c Was deciding if I should dress as Batman or Spiderman for Halloween, when I realized I'm a grown man. So, Batman. Last night's show, my best yet. America Again in paperback is like the iPhone 6: extremely cool, slimmer than ever & it bends when you sit on it. Being an American is genetic. It's right there in our DNA: CGGATTCACCTACTACCTAUSAUSAUSAUSAUSAUSAUSA! TONIGHT: Former British Foreign Secretary, discusses the international response to ebola. 11:30/10:30c. Last night's show, my best yet. Wonder Woman's Invisible Jet is feminist iconography, symbolizing the idea that jets are hard to draw. I thought I was getting a lot of early Trick or Treaters this year until I remembered that my house is haunted. TONIGHT: Jill Lepore discusses her new book, The Secret History of Wonder Woman. 11:30/10:30c. Much love to all my twitter bot followers! #0110001001101111011101000111001100110100011001010111011001100001 Last night's show, my best yet. Who do I love more: my gun or my dog? One goes crazy when the mailman comes, although the dog can be annoying too. Happy National Chocolate Day! Enjoy it, because you won't have an excuse to eat candy for another three days! TONIGHT: Best-selling author Michael Lewis discusses the 25th anniversary of his book, Liar's Poker. 11:30/10:30c. Last night's show, my best yet. I'm back tonight with a new episode! It's a great way to get over a case of the Mondays, because when the show is over, it'll be Tuesday. TONIGHT: Host of The Meredith Vieira Show, 11:30/10:30c. Season 2 of Alpha House out now! I was in season 1, so Season 2 must be twice as good as I was. That's just math. Last night's show, my best yet. It's no fair debating with a fan. I've done it. You try speaking into it, and it just distorts your words. #Fangate TONIGHT: Author discusses his new book, Excellent Sheep. 11:30/10:30c. Last night's show, my best yet. Fix my height, Google! And add it in nautical miles! I'm 0.0009738nmi, not 0.00096nmi you monsters! TONIGHT: The director of the new film Dear White People, Justin Simien. 11:30/10:30c. Last night's show, my best yet. What a coincidence! I interviewed Neil Young just weeks after his CSN&Y bandmate, Bill Cosby! TONIGHT: Folk rock legend discusses his new book, Special Deluxe: A Memoir of Life and Cars. 11:30/10:30c. Last night's show, my best yet. It's Monday the 13th! Not as spooky as Friday the 13th, but you still have to go to work for four more days. oo! There are only 32 episodes left of The Colbert Report. So if you haven't already, before tonight's episode, catch up on the last 9 seasons. TONIGHT: Author discusses his newest book, The Innovators. 11:30/10:30c. Last night's show, my best yet. Can't we forget the terrible things Columbus did the same way we overlook Betsy Ross's cockfighting ring? Haven't heard of it? Exactly! TONIGHT: performs Rainbow from his new album, Lullaby and the Ceaseless Roar. 11:30/10:30c. Last night's show, my best yet. For YOUR war name, add a word that describes your grandfather to the name of the last animal you killed! Ex: Operation Racist Raccoon. I dislike gay marriage for the same reason I like sports: something, something, tradition, deep sexual frustration, nachos. More than half of all Americans now live in a state where gay marriage is legal. Had no idea that many people could fit in Vermont! TONIGHT: Legendary comedian Carol Burnett stars in the Broadway show, Love Letters. 11:30/10:30c. Last night's show, my best yet. Another triumph for Triumph! But I wish he'd stop the cigars. Bad for kids to see him SMOKE while humping strangers! All pandemic policies can be written in a tweet. Ebola: close borders. Bird flu: kill birds. Swine flu: We die, losing bacon not worth it. TONIGHT: Writer Leon Wieseltier celebrates the 100th anniversary of The New Republic. 11:30/10:30c. I have reached a point in my adult life where I can, in fact, believe it's not butter. I'm so close to 7 million Twitter followers I can taste it! And it tastes like a BLT. Also, I'm eating a BLT. Last night's show, my best yet. No disrespect to the Confederacy, but I prefer Jefferson Davis later work as Starship. TONIGHT: James McPherson is the author of, Embattled Rebel: Jefferson Davis as Commander in Chief. 11:30/10:30c. Scientists in the pacific northwest are warning that marijuana farming is threatening local salmon. And also, anything else delicious. I sit down with on 11/21 for It'll be like our classic segment, Even Carelbert. Last night's show, my best yet. TONIGHT: Author of Sally Ride: America's First Woman in Space, 11:30/10:30c. Comedy - catch it before the fad is over! See Trap at theater, Kids, stay in school. Until you graduate, then you should really leave. Last night's show, my best yet. The Hong Kong protests are being called the Umbrella Revolution. I just hope they've also developed anti-tank raincoats. If you live in Chicago, check out Trap at If you live elsewhere - Chicago's very nice. You should move there. TONIGHT: Retired US Navy Admiral and former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Admiral Mike Mullen. 11:30/10:30c. Last night's show, my best yet. TONIGHT: stars in the Amazon series, Transparent. 11:30/10:30c. Last night's show, my best yet.. new cookbook is Comfort Food. It's tough to digest but if you braise it for long enough, the pages just fall off the spine Happy #NationalCoffeeDay! I plan on celebrating by lying in my bed at 2am regretting all those cappuccinos. TONIGHT: Celebrity chef newest cookbook is, Comfort Food. 11:30/10:30c. Last night's show, my best yet. Watch tonight for my hour-long special! *NOTE*- for the second half I will be played by comedian Chris Hardwick. TONIGHT: Author of The Marshmallow Test: Mastering Self-Control, Walter Mischel. 11:30/10:30c. Last night's show was Cosby, but it could have been Cosbier. Check out the extended interview: Last night's show, my best yet. See Eric Schmidt & Jonathan Rosenbergs book at & share it with all of your friend on Google+! TONIGHT: legendary stand up comedian. 11:30/10:30c. Last night's show, my best yet. Check out new album, Sukierae! I give it as many stars as will fit on Twitter: TONIGHT: Author of This Changes Everything: Capitalism vs. The Climate, 11:30/10:30c. I like those tweets that end 'said no one ever\\ , said no one ever. No registration, no vote. No vote, no sticker! Register here: #CelebrateNVRD Register To Vote (if your views align with mine) Today! #CelebrateNVRD Last night's show, my best yet. Why can't you hear a psychoanalyst use the bathroom? Because the p is silent, and also, the voices in my head won't shut up. TONIGHT: performs Low Key from his new album, Sukierae. 11:30/10:30c. A new app called Checky helps you use your phone less. It's like that alcoholism treatment called Tequila. We stare at our phones, downloading every terabyte of info in the world. The only price we pay is missing the world around us. #deep Tonight: talks about his new film The Zero Theorem. But if you watch the movie in Kelvin, it's The 255.372 Theorem. TONIGHT: Director of the new film, The Zero Theorem, 11:30/10:30c. Forensic analysis has determined what killed Richard i. In the performance I saw, it was overacting. Last night's show, my best yet. Prince Hawkcat will return in The Avengers 2! Look for him in the scene where a security guard throws Prince Hawkcat off set. TONIGHT: Viggo Mortensen stars in the new film, The Two Faces of January. 11:30/10:30c. Last night's show, my best yet. Olive Garden reminds me of my Grandma. Eat-a more-a you spaghett! she'd say. She wasn't Italian, she just loved racial stereotypes. TONIGHT: the tween heavy metal group, Unlocking the Truth. 11:30/10:30c. Last night's show, my best yet. TONIGHT: The star and creator of The Mindy Project, 11:30/10:30c. At benefit for Hole in the Wall Gang Camp with small but dangerous Pirates! A new study says getting high on shrooms helps you quit smoking. No word on what helps you quit the shrooms. I don't want to brag, but I'm really good at convincing people I don't want to brag. Last night's show, my best yet. Obama brought back the Iraq War AND Gilmore Girls is coming to Netflix!?! It's a #ThrowBackThursday miracle! TONIGHT: Lonn Taylor discusses his new book, The Star-Spangled Banner: The Making of an American Icon. 11:30/10:30c Last night's show, my best yet. Wuzzup youngsters! U ready 4 geopolitical history? #Kissinger #LiteraryPortraitofNapoleonicDiplomaticAdvisorCharlesTalleyrand #twerking Kissinger Tonight: World Messy. Countries Angry. Otto von Bismarck 4eva! Kissinger Sez: A contemporary world order might best be modeled on the 1648 Peace of Westphalia #ThrowbackThursday U see Bachelor in Paradise? Haven't seen that kind of backstabbing since the Austro-Spanish Hapsburg Dynasty #CardinalRichelieu #checkyoself If I become Dalai Lama, expect lots of changes to Buddhism. First and foremost, more jesus. Obama will not commit boots on the ground in Syria. I agree, the desert calls for more of a strappy sandal. TONIGHT: Former Secretary of State whose new book is World Order, Dr. Henry Kissinger. 11:30/10:30c. Last night's show, my best yet. I hear the Apple Watch can tell precisely how many seconds it's been since your last meaningful interaction with a real human! TONIGHT: Actor and author of the children's book, Nightmares, Jason Segel. 11:30/10:30c.. new music video is called Rainbow. Or, if you're colorblind, Gray Stripes. Check it out! Last night's show, my best yet. Exclusive at Colbert Nation: Robert Plant's new video, Rainbow. Less exclusive: Jack Link's Beef Jerky ads. You can count on congress to pass immigration reform next year just as you can count on me to cover it on The Colbert Report next year. Twitter is introducing a buy button for tweets. I can't wait to charge you for reading this. TONIGHT: Actor stars in the new film, Love is Strange. 11:30/10:30c. Last night's show, my best yet. On St. Patrick's day, how am I supposed to explain gays in the parade to my kids? Seriously, I'm going to be really drunk. The NFL season starts tonight! So ask yourself: Are you ready for the societal pressure to watch some FOOTBALL?! TONIGHT: Presidential historian and author of The Bully Pulpit, 11:30/10:30c. Last night's show, my best yet. TONIGHT: Randall Munroe, creator of the webcomic and author of his new book, What If? 11:30/10:30c. Last night's show, my best yet. Happy to have on tonight's guest, Mandy Patinkin. Even happier that he didn't spot my sixth finger. Small town police NEED military weaponry. You'd be shocked at how much easier it is to remove a cat from a tree with a tomahawk missile. I keep hearing there are nude pictures in the cloud, but which one? I could only see one that kind of looked like an elephant. Hope you had a happy Labor Day. Now, please enjoy the next 364 Bosses Days. TONIGHT: Actor Mandy Patinkin stars as Saul Berenson in Showtime's, Homeland. 11:30/10:30c. French artist JR's exhibit opens 10/1. Go before it turns green like France's last gift to us. Street artist JRs Ellis Island exhibit opens Oct 1st. Im sure his dad SR will be very proud. Last night's show, my best yet. When it comes to fighting ISIS, the enemy of my enemy is my friend, who - spoiler alert - is also my enemy. TONIGHT: French street artist plasters colossal photographs in neighborhoods around the world. 11:30/10:30c. Astronomers just released a stunning new image of two galaxies colliding 7 billion years ago. I hope at least one of them had insurance. Last night's show, my best yet. TONIGHT: Actor stars in Showtime's, Masters of Sex. 11:30/10:30c. Last night's show, my best yet. I met your challenge Melinda! Go see The Giver with Jeff Bridges in theaters August 15th. And if he's not available, go see it alone. Last night's show, my best yet. My guest tonight is Brian Chesky, the co-founder of Airbnb. For $45/night, you can stay in the remaining 2 spare characters of this tweet. TONIGHT: Co-founder of Brian Chesky. 11:30/10:30c. Russian hackers have stolen over a billion passwords. Can one of them send me my login info for SeamlessWeb? The recent primaries prove everything I've been saying about how either the Tea Party is resurgent or the Establishment is back. Last night's show, my best yet. I hope Michael Fassbender teams up with Benedict Cumberbatch so we can call them Benedichael Cumberbender.. is on my show tonight! Assuming you're watching last night's show on your DVR. TONIGHT: Actor Michael Fassbender stars as a musician who wears a papier-mache head in the new movie, Frank. 11:30/10:30c. Last night's show, my best yet. Someone told me there's a presidential hopeful stopping by tonight with the initials H.C. I had no idea Harry Conick wanted to be president! My guest is a deep sea explorer, so to him Titanic has a happy ending because Jack got to see the bottom of the ocean. For some reason, my studio is crawling with Secret Service agents talking about somebody codenamed Cillary Hinton. Ooh, I bet it's Biden! TONIGHT: James Cameron's new documentary Deepsea Challenge 3D chronicles his underwater explorations. 11:30/10:30c. Last night's show, my best yet. Sure, Nixon relentlessly pursued power with extreme paranoia, but he also started the EPA. Nobody's perfect. For young viewers who don't know who Nixon is, he's the president who appeared on Laugh-In. That should clear things up! Happy Birthday, Sorry, typo. I meant to say: Birthday, TONIGHT: A look back at the 40th anniversary of Nixon's resignation with and 11:30/10:30c. Last night's show, my best yet. TONIGHT: Founder of the Partnership for Educational Justice, advocates for education reform. 11:30/10:30c. Last night's show, my best yet. Go to for exclusive content of the REAL Sarah Palin the LAMESTREAM media DOESN't want YOU to SEE #brokemycapslock Orlando Bloom was in LOTR, married Miranda Kerr AND punched Justin Bieber? By my count his monkey paw only has 2 fingers left. TONIGHT: Actor stars in the new film, Child of God. 11:30/10:30c. Last night's show, my best yet. Obama and the EU have issued new sanctions against Russia. Or as it's being reported in Russia: Putin Punches Crocodile. TONIGHT: Jazz musician and Stay Human perform songs off their new album, Social Music. 11:30/10:30c. Moderated the Hobbit panel at #SDComicCon! Can't wait to see how Peter Jackson adapts it into a 14-hour trilogy. Check out web exclusive, Heaven's Ladder - the best rock song ever about a way to climb to heaven. Last night's show, my best yet. Tonight I opened for at my sold-out studio! Check him out on tour: It's true: If you say Beck's name in a mirror 3 times he appears! But only in his dressing room. And expect him to be angry. Had a blast at #SDComicCon, or as one of my new friends taught me to say in Klingon, Im Chewbacca you idiot . TONIGHT: performs songs from his new album, Morning Phase. 11:30/10:30c. If you watch one show that isn't The Report, make it a rerun of the Report. After that, check out Going Deep. Last night's show, my best yet. Happy First Annual Tequila Day! I assume it's the first because I can't remember it happening last year for some reason. TONIGHT: The CEO of SpaceX and Tesla Motors, 11:30/10:30c. Last night's show, my best yet. TONIGHT: and Oscar Vazquez from the new documentary, Underwater Dreams. 11:30/10:30c. Last night's show, my best yet. The Colbert Bump becomes the Lepucki Lift! Get Sweetness #9 by Stephan Eirik Clark! #CutDownTheAmazon Great news! My good friend P.K. Winsome just sold me an extra hundred characters for this tweet for the extremely low, low price of only TONIGHT: Russian-American Journalist and Senior Editor at The New Republic, 11:30/10:30c. Can't believe it's already Stage 16 of this year's Tour de France and there still hasn't been a single goal scored. Last night's show, my best yet. It's second appearance on my show in 8 years. At this rate she's never going to get that free sub. TONIGHT: House Minority Leader, 11:30/10:30c. Check out 2776, a star-packed album benefiting OneKid OneWorld. I hope it's a charity & not just a very selfish child Scientists engineered a worm that can't get drunk. Sorry, tequila, you lose this round! Last night's show, my best yet. Are animals intelligent? Sure! I let my monkey type my tweets and he does a great (PLEASE HELP ME ESCAPE) job! Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free.* *Foreigners need not apply. I saved Masturbating Bear! Now to celebrate with my trademark string dance! Jon Stewart challenging me to a Star Wars Trivia contest? That's like bringing a Serraknife to a Slugthrower fight! TONIGHT: Animal rights lawyer Steven Wise fights for legal personhood for chimps. 11:30/10:30c. The k in South Carolina handed out candy to recruit new members. I'm guessing white chocolate. Last night's show, my best yet. Download the new me! Mayor must address the homeless problem in my office building. Who are they & why are they always asking for college credit? Rick Perry's new glasses really complete his man pretending to be Superman pretending to be Clark Kent look. Captain America has been turned into an old man? No! Now his superpower is distrusting the cleaning lady. The Apollo 11 moon landing was not faked. However, this video of me talking about it was. My guest tonight, is the Mayor of New York City. Man, that guy must have checked in on Foursquare a TON. It's the 45th anniversary of Apollo 11. I think we'll all remember where we were when we clicked this link. TONIGHT: The Mayor of New York City, 11:30/10:30c. Last night's show, my best yet. Tonight, I made television history by being the first host to ever show a masturbating bear on air. Just wanted to point that out. Tomorrow my guest is . Although I honestly don't know if I can trust a New York mayor over 5\\2 . TONIGHT: Chief Internet Evangelist for Google, Vint Cerf. 11:30/10:30c. Last night's show, my best yet. I can stomach admitting Belgium beat us in soccer, but I'll never admit the Flemish and Walloons beat us in Football. TONIGHT: Peabody Award winning hosts of Jad Abumrad and Robert Krulwich. 11:30/10:30c.. I demand you come on my show on Wednesday! Stop dodging me, Mr Mayor! . I demand you come on my show! Stop dodging me, Mr Mayor! Congrats to Row row row your butt to: Rowing TeamUSA in the World Championships! Like the World Cup, with a chance of drowning! It's your last day to pre-order California at If you don't #CutDownTheAmazon, who will? Probably loggers. If you don't preorder California today, you'll have to regular-order it! Go to and #CutDownTheAmazon Warning: Fireworks are not a toy. Unless you tape them to a toy, in which case, they are awesome. Today is the 4th of July, when we honor the day that Uncle Sam chopped down Benedict Arnold at the Alamo. Happy hot dogs! Happy Independence Day, America! I'm really glad it's not one of those Leap Years where we don't have 4th of July. Last night's show, my best yet. I'm on vacation for two weeks. But if you need me, I can still be reached by the Colbert Signal. Ask your police commissioner for details. I love the World Cup. Every four years we come together as a nation and remind ourselves that Algeria is not a hayfever medication. TONIGHT: Actor Paul Rudd discusses his new movie, They Came Together. 11:30/10:30c. I just saw a report that the world's oldest man died! Obviously it was a fake, they make that claim every few years. Thinking of getting my tatum channed. Know anyone good? Last night's show, my best yet. Obama at Chipotle? Fifteen years ago I didn't even know those were words. Tonight: Civil War within the Republican Party. But both sides are the South. TONIGHT: Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton discusses the 50th Anniversary of Mississippi Freedom Summer. 11:30/10:30c. A new study says schizophrenia and pot smoking are genetically linked but don't worry, another study says you're just being paranoid. Last night's show, my best yet. Tried to tweet earlier about my new, side-effect-free sleep aid, but unfortunately my thumbs were snakes. ISIS is taking over social media? I blame the power vacuum we created by pulling out of Google+. #CancelISIS Uruguay's Luis Suarez bit an opponent in the World Cup. But at least he didn't use his hands. Border Patrol agents busted smugglers trying to move pot inside fake watermelons. Wow, that sounds WAY more uncomfortable than a condom. TONIGHT: Emmy award winning actress Edie Falco from Showtime's Nurse Jackie. 11:30/10:30c. Sting says he isn't leaving any of his money to his children. Even worse, he's not even leaving them a last name. Last night's show, my best yet. A new BBC documentary accuses Hitler of millions of dollars worth of tax evasion. Man, the more I learn about this guy, the less I like him! TONIGHT: Author John Green discusses his young adult novel, The Fault in Our Stars. 11:30/10:30c. Last night's show, my best yet. There is a new app that only messages your friends the word, YO. It's great for people who think YOLO is too much effort. We have troops giving operational support to Iraq, so help give them respirational support! Donate now for Do More 24! Looking for volunteers to fight ISIS in Iraq. No takers? Then why not donate a gas mask to the people who are going? TONIGHT: Outgoing White House Press Secretary for the Obama administration, Jay Carney, takes my questions. 11:30/10:30c. McDonald's was ranked the US's least favorite fast food chain. But on the plus side, it was ranked best place to take a dump in a ball pit. Last night's show, my best yet. Tonight: A GOP Senator in trouble. That marmot on Rand Paul's head woke up, and it is ANGRY. It's Wednesday night, so I'm off to my bridge league! I mean.cool, young person activity. Cyber pog-sketball? TONIGHT: Journalists Katty Kay & Claire Shipman discuss their new book, The Confidence Code. 11:30/10:30c. I've liked soccer ever since I learned a surprising fact about it: America can win. Last night's show, my best yet. in carlebration of team usa's soccor winn, tihs tweet was tryrped by my fweert. Tonight: Republicans tackle immigration reform. But first, they taze it. TONIGHT: David Boies & Theodore Olson discuss their book, Redeeming the Dream: The Case for Marriage Equality 11:30/10:30c Last night's show, my best yet. When thinking about Iraq, I remember this idiom: the enemy of your enemy is equal to the hypotenuse squared. Happy 10:14pm Eastern Standard Time on June 16th 2014! #YouHaveOneMinuteToRetweetThis Ghana na na, Ghana na na, hey hey hey, goodbye! TONIGHT: discusses his controversial essay in The Atlantic, The Case for Reparations. 11:30/10:30c. A Missouri company has recalled 4,000 pounds of tainted beef. Big deal - hamburgers are mostly taint meat anyway. I'm glued to the World Cup - I can't wait to see who gets the Oscar for Best Fake Injury! Last night's show, my best yet. Led Zeppelin stole Stairway to Heaven? Next thing you know they'll say white people didn't invent Rock & Roll! Today is FIFA World Cup kickoff day - or as Americans call it, Thursday. Tonight: Breaking news on Led Zeppelin and book sales. And no, you haven't fallen through a wormhole to 1971. TONIGHT: Former Senator James Webb discusses his new book, I Heard My Country Calling. 11:30/10:30c. Go to to buy novel about a dystopian, post-apocalyptic California. So, Oakland. #CutDownTheAmazon I like the Paul Mercurio show on iTunes. Wanna find out if you do? Last night's show, my best yet. Buy California on Down with Amazon's corporate greed! Up with Powell's independent greed! #CutDownTheAmazon TONIGHT: has created a liquid food replacement, Soylent. 11:30/10:30c. A South American turtle has predicted that Brazil will win the World Cup. Second place: Lettuce. George R.R. Martin has joined twitter! He will introduce 140 characters, and then kill off your favorite ones. Last night's show, my best yet. The Stanley Cup Finals are heating up! Who will win? Also: who is playing? Tonight: I look at the robots of the future, and how the breakdancers of the future will imitate them! TONIGHT: John Waters writes about hitchhiking from Baltimore to San Francisco in his new book, Carsick. 11:30/10:30c. Buy California on While you're there, buy everything else! #CutDownTheAmazon Last night's show, my best yet. You can talk to Van Gogh's re-grown ear, but for some reason when I try to smoke Magritte's pipe I get tackled by security. Question for Hispanic voters: Why do you feel such a disconnect with Republicans? Please answer in English. TONIGHT: Couples therapist discusses her book, Mating In Captivity: Unlocking Erotic Intelligence 11:30/10:30c Go buy California: A Novel at Act now, and I'll throw in Rhode Island: A Tweet for free! #CutDownTheAmazon If you purchase only one book this year, you're one up on me. But make it California at #CutDownTheAmazon Book of the Summer! California by Edan Lepucki at Also: Book of the Late Spring. #CutDownTheAmazon Lately I've been experiencing a lot of self-doubt. Or not. On The Lead with today, CNN, 4pm. Reading My Uncle's letters from WWII. 101st airborne, jumped in 8hrs Before D-Day. 19yrs old. Don't give Bezos your pesos! Pre-order Edan Lepucki's California at #CutDownTheAmazon Last night's show, my best yet. North Korea made it's own energy drink! Unfortunately it lasts juust long enough so you can't reach the South Korean border. I am OUTRAGED that we rescued the last POW from Afghanistan. Wow, me from two weeks ago would be really confused by that sentence. It's #throwbackthursday! Here's a selfie I took in the womb: Probably should have used a flash. Tomorrow is National Doughnut Day -- which, unlike Earth Day, we already celebrate every day. Buy the post-apocalyptic novel California at It's like Eat, Pray, Pray for Something to Eat. #CutDownTheAmazon TONIGHT: Rock star performs a song from her new album, Stockholm. 11:30/10:30c Go to and buy California: A Novel so you can fight Amazon: A Corporation! #CutDownTheAmazon Last night's show, my best yet. I have just been informed that the book California can be purchased at by citizens in ANY state! #CutDownTheAmazon Together we can #CutDownTheAmazon by buying California from Which will lead to more regular deforestation. I may be better than cable news at informing people, but those guys are crushing me at selling in-home catheters. A study found Americans were educated by my SuperPAC. Damn! I expressly spent that money to MISeducate them! Sure female hurricanes are more violent, you'd be too if it took 30 years to get promoted to Category 5. TONIGHT: stars in the new movie, 22 Jump Street. 11:30/10:30c. Wish there was a cooler way to call something cool . Cool-abunga? Is that a thing? Last night's show, my best yet. I know you're all mourning the loss of my goatee. But after I shaved it, I donated it to a good cause. TONIGHT: Morgan Freeman explores the mysteries of the universe as host of Through the Wormhole 11:30/10:30c Last night's show, my best yet. Re: Piketty. Any billionaire forced to pay 80% in taxes should declare all non-billionaires as dependents. Then he won't have to pay taxes. My guest Thomas Piketty wrote a book called Capital which, apparently, is not about getting your shift key stuck. TONIGHT: Economist Thomas Piketty discusses his NYT best-selling book, Capital in the 21st Century. 11:30/10:30c Are you a dad? Do you have a dad? Do people call you daddio? Help my friend help #DadsWithDaughters I'm off all week. So, World, try not to have any major events, coups, disasters, wars, or Psy hit singles until I return. Thank you. Last night's show, my best yet. I've been a big fan of Marco Rubio ever since he was the leader of the Lost Boys in Hook . Talk about government overreach. I can't believe we have a whole department helping veterans have affairs. Taking a #selfiewithasailor with and friends. TONIGHT: U.S. Secretary of the Navy, The Honorable Ray Mabus. 11:30/10:30c Last night's show, my best yet. The hardest part about saying goodbye to a camel is watching it leave on two Segways. Congratulations to the Tea Party for staying true to their anti-government principles by not getting elected to public office! Minneapolis has been awarded the 2018 Super Bowl! And St. Paul has been awarded the 2018 Overflow Parking. TONIGHT: discusses his role as Professor X in, X-Men: Days of Future Past. 11:30/10:30c. Last night's show, my best yet. Pennsylvania's ban on same-sex marriage has been overturned. So get ready for the wildest Rumspringa ever! Please ignore my previous tweet about being hacked. I was being hacked. I've meant everything I've said except that thing that upset you. Please ignore all my previous tweets. I was hacked - consistently, for the last 6 years, by someone with a strangely similar viewpoint. TONIGHT: creator Matthew Weiner talks about his hit series. 11:30/10:30c. Democracy is my favorite form of gov't. A close 2nd: The only the conch holder can speak-lets murder the kid with glasses System. Last night's show, my best yet. Using female lab rats would be too expensive - think of all the glass ceilings we'd have to install on cages! Tonight: discusses our nation's crippling student loan debt. Oh, that reminds me: Congratulations, class of 2014! TONIGHT: I talk to about her memoir, A Fighting Chance. 11:30/10:30c You can now text message 911. Keep that in mind while you're crossing the street staring at your phone. This tweet is not sponsored content. But I am willing to sell off the remaining 46 characters. Last night's show, my best yet. New idea for Hillary is TOO physically fit for office, will make foreign leaders feel bad. TONIGHT: NY Times columnist stops by to talk about his new special, Years of Living Dangerously. 11:30/10:30c Last night's show, my best yet. How can we be sure the sea levels are actually rising? Maybe the continents are shrinking. That water is pretty cold. Question: Is the pope too liberal? Answer: Is the pope catholic? They just released the first picture of Ben Affleck as Batman. I cant wait to see who they get to play Bruce Wayne! TONIGHT: I sit down with Keri Russell, who plays a Russian spy in the drama 11:30/10:30c Last night's show, my best yet. When I'm at the zoo, I often wonder if the REAL animal on display is me. Mostly after I fall into the lemur pen. Buy a bag handmade in Africa by rescued girls at Please. Sister Rosemary terrifies me. Is your voice being heard on the internet? Tweet your answers with #No The Chicago Cubs just lost their 10,000th game. And I think that's just this season. TONIGHT: perform songs from their new album, Turn Blue. 11:30/10:30c SPORTS FACT: There's something called the NFL in which people perform live-action role playing of fantasy football. Last night's show, my best yet. Is Hillary secretly controlling my twitter feed? If not, why didn't that last sentence have a single mention of Benghazi? My guest tonight is NSA journalist I was going to nail him, but Snowden just leaked all my questions. TONIGHT: Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist stops by w/ his book about the NSA, No Place to Hide. 11:30/10:30c The Pop-Tart turns 50 today! Actually, I just made that up. Still though, at some point that either did or will happen! Last night's show, my best yet. I hope doesn't attack me with her character's signature claws when she finds out I don't know anything about the X-men. WOW did you all just see that #basketball move the player did in the game?! What a sports moment! (please RT when this happens) TONIGHT: discusses her role in the upcoming Tune in on 11:30/10:30c. A hairstylist counterfeited $20k in 100's on her printer - it would've been a great plan if replacing the ink cartridges hadn't cost $45k. Last night's show, my best yet. A new study says yawning means your brain is overheating. Whew, I thought it had something to do with me sticking my head in the microwave. TONIGHT: The New Yorker editor, David Remnick, stops by to explain the current situation in Ukraine. 11:30/10:30c A study says Fox News mentioned Benghazi over 1,000 times in the past year. Yet tourism there is still down for some reason. Last night's show, my best yet. GUN PRO TIP: If you duct tape your gun to an iPhone, it's no longer a firearm, it's legally an app! Today, I celebrate Seis de Mayo - the festival dedicated to stocking up on discount sombreros! TONIGHT: discusses her legendary career and the re-release of her memoir, A View From a Broad. 11:30/10:30c Great new drinking game: your family plays Monopoly while you sit on the side pounding a sixer and brooding over past slights. Last night's show, my best yet. E.O. Wilson says humans have a lot to learn from ants. What more is there? We already know picnics are delicious. Hola Mis Audience Hispanicos, Fiesta Cinco De Mayo Happy-o, Corona Extra! TONIGHT: Edward O. Wilson discusses his work in Mozambique rebuilding a nature park destroyed by civil war 11:30/10:30 Just saw the movie BRONX OBAMA. So good it almost made me like Chicago Obama. #BronxObama #MFF14 A new theory says wet sand was used to build the pyramids. But where did the aliens get all that wet sand? Last night's show, my best yet. May Day Warning: Be careful not to confuse a maypole dance with tether ball. The childrens parents get very angry. TONIGHT: talks about his role in the musical inspired by the lyrics of Tupac, Holler If Ya Hear Me. 11:30/10:30c Astronomers found a planet with an 8-hour day. Thinking of moving there so I can see the next Game of Thrones sooner. Last night's show, my best yet. Assad is up for reelection in Syria. His campaign slogan: Ask not what your country has done to you. Film Buffs: See INTERNET's OWN BOY, which examines the life & death of Aaron Swartz at on May 1 #MFF14 TONIGHT: I talk to from the Broadway show 11:30/10:30c Facebook has launched a new friend tracking feature, or as some are calling it, Facebook. Last night's show, my best yet. Really, A Star Wars sequel with no sign of Lirin Carn, backup Kloohorn player for the Cantina band? Blasphemy! As further punishment, Donald Sterling should have to watch the last three decades of Clippers games. Check it out, New Jersey: I AM ROAD COMIC makes world premiere at on April 30 #MFF14 TONIGHT: Is President Obama soft on crime? 11:30/10:30c TONIGHT: discusses his latest project, on El Rey Network. 11:30/10:30c If Obama's Asia trip wasn't suspicious, why are all of his meetings taking place while Americans are asleep? Who needs vaccines? Many American heroes were never vaccinated. Off the top of my head: FDR. Wait bad example. Surprised the Vatican Marching Band didn't play When The Saints Go Marching In yesterday. #MissedOpportunity. Check it out: Montclair Film Festival April 28-May 4 choose from 92 films & events #MFF14 TONIGHT: President Obama embarrasses America. 11:30/10:30c TONIGHT: Former U.S. Ambassador to Russia Michael stops by. 11:30/10:30c. Donate to Finley's Green Leap Forward Fund for a cleaner planet. Then idle your car for an hour to compensate. Last night's show, my best yet. I don't see why women are complaining, if I made 3 quarters for ever dollar I make I'd be rich! I've experienced affirmative action first hand. I applied for President in 2008, and they gave it to some black guy. TONIGHT: I come to Sean Hannity's defense. 11:30/10:30c TONIGHT: Author George Saunders discusses Congratulations, by the way: Some Thoughts on Kindness 11:30/10:30c Last night's show, my best yet. I can always sense when there's cheese nearby. I've got excellent ched-dar. Drug cartels now control the lime trade. Key lime pie still available, but it'll cost you about $30,000/key. It's April 23rd - when the Earth returns all the gifts it got yesterday. Thanks, I cant wait to eat this. I happen to know my head is delicious! TONIGHT: I defend America's middle class and adapt to the devastating lime shortage. 11:30/10:30c TONIGHT: discusses his new book, Players First: Coaching from the Inside Out 11:30/10:30c AOL email accounts have been hacked, severely compromising our nation's supply of heartwarming forwards from our grandmothers! Last night's show, my best yet. Former Justice Steven proposed six changes to the constitution. I've only got two: 1) no changes 2) more guns. #boobs Is there a Norton Anti-Virus, but for your body? Asking for a friend who just opened the wrong email with his mouth. It's Earth Day but I'll never recycle a thing! It's Earth Day but I'll never recycle a thing! It's Earth Day but I'll never recycle a thing! Tonight I better know a Congressman from California's The Angels . This is America, city names, speak English! TONIGHT: Has the homosexual agenda infiltrated our prestigious U.S. stamps? 11:30/10:30c TONIGHT: Columnist discusses his new book, Nice Little Place on the North Side 11:30/10:30c Last night's show, my best yet. A new study says America's infrastructure is crumbling. Good news: now the Highway to the Danger Zone is also part of the danger zone. Oscar Meyer is recalling 96,000 pounds of hot dogs for containing cheese. A hot dog made with an identifiable food? Gross! I'm back tonight with new shows after my crazy week-long time travel adventure where I travelled forwards through time at a normal rate TONIGHT: Is staging things to gain political advantage? And, talks Gettysburg Address. 11:30/10:30c I'm on break next week so get ready for some reruns. Don't worry, the commercials are brand new! Last night's show, my best yet. I knew there weren't any orcs in the audience tonight because Sting wasn't glowing blue. TONIGHT: Is botox good for your mental health? And performs a song off his new album. 11:30/10:30c Let's see.what to tweet about, what to tweet about? I got nothing. What's new with you? TONIGHT: discusses his new album & musical, The Last Ship and the 25th Rainforest Fund Concert. 11:30/10:30c #Heartbleed Safety Tip: Change your passwords and your mother's maiden name. If really believes women should Lean In, why isn't her entire book printed in italics? I'm not worried about hackers stealing my Twitter password. It's useless unless they also somehow figure out my username. #Heartbleed TONIGHT: Barack Obama plots to close the income gab between men and women. 11:30/10:30c TONIGHT: discusses the #LeanIn movement. 11:30/10:30c. FBI documents allege was a mob informant. He must have joined as part of the witness protection program. Nevermind. I decided just to buy a new phone. Quick, does anyone have a phone charger I can borrow? My battery is almost dea I've never been a fan of maps. If they're at 1/10,000th scale, then why am I supposed to pay full price? The only time I opposed fracking was when I thought Marcellus Shale was a jazz musician. Who cares if 85% of Americans don't know where Ukraine's borders are on a map? Neither does Vladamir Putin. TONIGHT: Americans can't find Ukraine on a map & common core tests confuse parents and teachers. 11:30/10:30c TONIGHT: Jane Goodall discusses career studying chimps & new book Seed of Hope: Wisdom & Wonder from the World of Plants Last night's show, my best yet. A NJ middle school suspended a student for pretending his pencil was a gun. But in their defense, it WAS full of lead. One in six Americans can't locate the Ukraine on a map. Why bother? In a few weeks it'll just be labeled Russia. TONIGHT: takes a controversial stance, prints divorce announcements and talks math. 11:30/10:30c TONIGHT: Mathematician discusses Love and Math, named by & as a best book of 2013. 11:30/10:30c My safe opens when I say the safeword. But you don't want to know what it does to me before I get to that point. An Inconvenient Truth may get a sequel: An Inconvenient Truth II: Electric Boogaloos Are More Efficient than Coal Boogaloos. Last night's show, my best yet. People are worried that the McCutcheon ruling will bring change to politics. But it will mostly bring large bills and checks. I'm so glad the SCOTUS overturned campaign donation limits. Now if they can just take up Twitter character limits. I have so much more to sa The Supreme Court's ruling in McCutcheon vs. FEC is a huge victory for free speech, motherfuckers! Bonus: My holy grail came with a holy danish. Never knew Jesus spent time in Denmark. Tonight explains the newly uncapped limits on campaign donations, but my attention is still capped at three minutes. My guest tonight, profiles the CIA in his new book, The Way of the Knife - he'll teach me how to julienne a terrorist. Researchers say daylight savings time is linked to heart attacks. But the good news is, you get to die one hour later! A study found that popular kids are more likely to be bullied. Makes sense. Even bullies don't want to be caught hanging around losers. College athletes want to get paid? Who do they think they are, the coach/staff/concessions guy/janitor? More than 7.1 million people signed up for Obamacare. So embarrassing. Obama missed his goal of 7 million people by over 100,000. I trended for 36 hours straight. Top that, #MuffinsThatLookLikeHamburgers! Biz Stone's new book has a chapter about me. Sounds like a Masterpiece! THiNGS A LITTLE BIRD TOLD ME Tune in tonight for the dramatic conclusion of how my show did not conclude! #NotCanceled #CancelColbert - I agree! Just saw tweet. I share your rage. Who is that, though? I'm Batman is turning 75. Now THRACK! is the sound his knee makes when he gets out of bed. GMA now has a foosball table. Or as George Stephanopoulos calls it: Regular Size Soccer Table. My guest has a new film about Noah's Ark. He's the first guest I've ever had in which I've actually read the book. P. Diddy is changing his name back to Puff Daddy! Kids, ask your parents who Puff Daddy was. Parents, ask your kids who P. Diddy is. If you're watching a rerun, my guest tonight is former President Jimmy Carter! Of all the former Presidents who have been on my show, Jimmy Carter is by far the most former. Fun Fact: Before his long career as ex-president , Jimmy Carter once served as the president! Look it up! The Colbert Report tonight = ALL Jimmy Carter, ALL the time. Until 12:01am. Tonight was the 75th installment of my Better Know a District Series. Only 25 more and I get a free 6 sub! I'm on break next week so tune in for some exciting reruns. Or are they really accurate live re-enactments? Tune in to find out. I'm off for break! If you're a robber casing my house, I'll be home turning my lights on at exactly 6 pm every night. We're off the air for a week, so I'll see you all in 5 days! 8 days? Ugh, still can't figure out Daylight Savings. The CIA may be spying on Congress using a high-tech bugging system known as CSPAN. You can't escape your SAT scores. Even after you die, there's no way a 1420 will get you into an Ivy League Heaven. Kids, don't sweat the SATs. Stress makes you choke and fail and then your life will be over forever. SO DON't SWEAT IT. To eagle-eyed viewers who spotted guest Randy Farrar's fake beard, he informed me he had to wear a disguise for legal reasons, my man! Forget Bill Nye the Science Guy. I much prefer Neil deGrasse Tyson the Astrophysics Guy, Son! I love my church because they offer Casual Fridays, Saturdays, and Mondays thru Thursdays. Daylight Savings Time started this weekend. Which means I finally won the 4-month standoff I've been having with my oven clock. I consider my tweets the fifth act of my show. So watch commercials before and after reading this. Happy Birthday to you, devoted follower! Note: if today's not your birthday, read this tweet when it is. Are woman held to unrealistic standards? I telepathically asked my wife, but for some reason she hasn't answered. Hey, has anybody thought of just tweeting Putin out of Ukraine? #ANGERTWEET! Done. How hard was that, Obama? The FDA wants to put new labels on our food - just when I'd grown accustomed to the taste of our current labels! Yes, there are downsides to having a woman president. What if she has to try and open a jar of pickles in front of a foreign dignitary!? The creator of House of Cards, Beau Willimon, is on my show tonight. SPOILER ALERT: We do an interview. If my guest was such an expert on the future, then why did our interview take place in the past? #Checkmate March is National Kidney Month! Fun Fact: There are actually two kidney months, but you only need one. My guest tonight, Jaron Lanier, wrote the book Who Owns the Future? Spoiler: It's whoever got their hands on that Sports Almanac. To pay his medical bills, Chuck Duprey has had to take 2 more jobs. At Waiting for Godot and No Mans Land on Broadway now! To be clear: Im not racist. Some of my favorite history months are black. Nation, you may have disagreed with some aspects of Laser Klan, but you have to respect the choice to not make the dog talk. Reagan at 69 is completely different than Hillary at 69 and Im sorry I just put Reagan, Hillary, and 69 in your head right now. A Chicago man in a Breaking Bad t-shirt was arrested for cooking meth. Memo to self: stop wearing Dexter t-shirt. Rush Limbaugh can criticize Hillary Clinton's age. After all, he's opted out of aging and gone straight to melting. Conservatives are trying to make Hillary Clinton's age a campaign issue. It's the ultimate October 1947 Surprise! Not to brag, but I was into before she was canonized. Green update: The Colbert Report went paperless today thanks to a nasty paper jam. The Got Milk ad campaign is ending after 20 years. Oh no. Now how will people hear about milk? I forgot what I wanted to tweet here. Thanks a lot, Obamacare! Ukraine News: Oleksandr Turchinov has replaced Pres. Viktor Yanukovych in what many in Kiev are calling a pjrlk5jawfka&ldkps. Get the official 2014 US Speedskating Team T-Shirt, so in 2018 you can say you were into them before it was cool. Just got an alert from Sochi - my hotel is finally ready. I'm not saying the radiation from O'reilly's microwave caused my superhuman gravitas, but bid now to find out. Bid on Bill O'reilly's microwave! It's been signed by me, Stanley McChrystal, and whoever G.E. is. TONIGHT: Legendary American skier Bode Miller stops by the Report. I'll ask him if the Super G is just the Regular G without eyeglasses. Did you know that gif is actually pronounced gif ? (tweet dictated, not read) I'm working on a Buzzfeed list of the top 50 states in no particular order. Congratulations to Team USA for all the gold medals! Remember: You represent all Americans, so 1/315 millionth of that gold is mine. Pay up! I hope Buddy Cole finds gay propaganda in Russia. Or at least figures out why those hammers & sickles are rubbing up against each other. You can bid on my Bill O'reilly's microwave! Free shipping if you live within however far I can throw a microwave! Been searching for that six-to-ten year old microwave taste in your re-heated bagel bites? Look no further! I never use gendered pronouns because I only ever talk about myself. Congrats to - Today, the Tonight Show; Tomorrow, the Today Show! #watchtcolbert #tivofallon A study says that teens are more stressed than adults. Relax, kids, it's not important unless it affects the ENTIRE REST OF YOUR LIFE! A new study revealed that crocodiles can climb trees. Great, another animal I have to worry about pooping on me. I love the Olympics! It's like the World Cup of all the sports I care about more than soccer. Prediction: America will take home the gold in tonight's Opening Ceremonies!#GoTeamUSA Let the games begin! SPOILER ALERT: Team USA wins every medal. Twice. #GoTeamUSA Journalists in Sochi are tweeting about horrible hotel conditions. Specifically, they're all full of whiney journalists. My guest tonight is NYT columnist Paul Krugman. But if he's here, who's taking care of his high horse? Facebook has a great new feature that lets you relive the last ten years of procrastination and wasted time in one efficient minute! Why couldn't Pussy Riot call themselves something a little more polite, like Vagina Scuffle ? I understand JK Rowling's writer's remorse. There are episodes of the Report that I think don't have nearly enough me in them. Just came down with Super Bowl fever. Makes sense, everybody around me yesterday seemed to have it. No spoilers for Superbowl XLVi. I'm only halfway through Superbowl XXII. I've already painted my chest for the big game this Sunday. However, I'm thinking about adding an accent leg. My State Of The Union live tweeting begins now. For next year. Wow. Obama sure is taking his sweet time showing up Mistakenly bet the Seahawks would win last night's State Of The Union. Obviously the winner was Joe Biden's teeth. I finally finished my training to become an NFL quarterback. It took ages to spell my name with that Xbox controller. Disappointed I haven't received any offers from NFL teams yet. Well, the Browns called, buteh. If you're a fan of my Superb Owl coverage, tweet about it with the official hashtag, #SUPERBOWL. The price of stamps is going up to 49 cents? For that price, I'll paint my OWN tiny pictures of New England's Historic Lighthouses! New theory: Nate Silver bought one of those Sports Almanacs from the future off of Biff Tannen. Tune in all week for all my exciting Superb Owl XLVi! It's just like Rocky V, but with more XLi! Pope Francis said the internet is a gift from God. Sounds like somebody hasn't scrolled down to the comments section yet. China stole my show, so I'm now claiming credit for papermaking, gunpowder, the Great Wall, and one of the two chopsticks. Now that Net Neutrality's ended, some people will pay more for the Internet. So if you're reading this tweet, please send me $1.50. Good Luck Team as you head to Russia tweet at me if you have a Snowden spotting! #GoTeamUSA In my humble opinion, my opinions are the best. Ernest Hemingway's terse sentences would've made him great for Twitter. He also had advanced mastery of shirtless pics. Did you hear Hemingway had a secretary named Fitzgerald and Fitzgerald had a secretary named Hemingway? Because that is not true. ces. Tonight we'll discuss Ernest Hemingway, an author who, like me, has the unique ability to fit complex thoughts into short and simple senten Don't miss cOlbert's Book Club tonight! And if you do miss it, at least read the episode's Sparknotes. Tomorrow night is my 3rd cOlbert Book Club! Soon, I'll have read 3 books! Be sure to read A Farewell To Arms for the cOlbert Book Club tomorrow. Or at least watch the movie version, 127 Hours. Tuesday's book club selection is A Farewell to Arms. I haven't started it yet, but I assume it's like a conservative Goodnight Moon. Cant believe I wasnt nominated for #BestActor for my role in The Colbert Report. Did I really gain all that weight for nothing? So and I clearly have a lot of chemistry. Does that mean I'm a lesbian? Nobody's talking about the real MLB drug scandal: That the Philly Phanatic is really the Philly Meth Addict. Hey #Yankees, now that out I'd officially like to throw my hat in the ring as OW! Scratch that, I tore my rotator cuff. Between you and me, sometimes I feel like there are 5,739,049 other people listening. Product tootsie roll placement can be done so seamlessly turtle wax that it doesn't bother the consumer toyota at all. There's nothing wrong with West Virginia's water so long as you love the taste of burning tongue. I didn't win a Golden Globe, but it's an honor just to assume I must have been nominated. I hosted this Hunter S. Thompson edition of Selected Shorts - it's the closest I'll come to reading a book. When Christie is President, he'll address our nation's crumbling infrastructure by making sure we stay off bridges. Another scandal has hit New Jersey - turns out Bruce Springsteen is only The Assistant Regional Boss! It's David Bowie's 67th birthday - or as he's calling it, the 40th anniversary reissue of his 27th birthday. It's easy to check the quality of the surgeon you meet on your smartphone doctor app. Just ask for his Fruit Ninja score. American butter consumption is the highest its been in 40 years. Which is now also the average American lifespan. Hello there! I'm an ordinary current person who is from the current time! So, how is #PopeBlueIvy doing? Don't believe the marijuana threat is real? Then why did I develop glaucoma the same day they announced medicinal marijuana in New York? If you don't win Logo Party, you need to watch more TV. If you do win Logo Party, you need to watch more TV. Logo Party is my favorite game. If only I could remember which company made it. They say the camera adds ten pounds - which is why my New Year's Resolution was to fire two cameramen. Happy New Year, Nation! Exciting news - this year's the Year of the Stephen Colbert ! Very lucky for all the Stephen Colberts out there. I'm on hiatus until 1-6-2014. Out of respect, please don't celebrate any major holidays until I return. You're on your honor! America, we must take our Xmas traditions seriously. Some people are hanging their stockings with barely any care at all! To I've got TWO coloring books! Grab your crayons, copies of I Am America and America Again, and some other paper to color on. TONIGHT: The NSA is spying on Second Life, a game for people who don't have a first one. 11:30 p.m. The FDA is phasing out antibiotics in meat. Which means soon, you can order steak without a prescription. #Rippies #Rippies TONIGHT: Obama makes a faux pas. Come on, Mr. President! At least embarrass us in English! 11:30 p.m. I believe in helping the homeless. That's why every year I buy a new refrigerator and throw away the box. TONIGHT: A new Republican plan to attract women. Can 80-year-olds pull off Axe body spray? 11:30 p.m. New study says exercise boosts creativity, but I'm not convinced. My guitar playing always seems to suffer on the elliptical. I bet the Batpope has never danced with the devil in the pale moonlight. Happy Thanksgiving, everyone! And to my Canadian viewers, big mistake. You should be American. I hope all you have a Happy Thanksgiving. I'm sorry, I meant Merry Christgiving. A million dollars in gold bars was found in an airplane's toilet. What part of only toilet paper don't they understand? With Olympic officials appropriating the rainbow flag, gays should steal Russia's national colors: soot and ash. Remember, kids: cocaine-buying Rep. Trey Radel was into hip-hop, so let this be a warning about the dangers of the Congressional lifestyle. I'm not saying vote 4 me in the #peopleschoice Awards. I'm just trying 2 understand why Conan, Kimmel, Fallon, & Letterman would call U fat. The Dow hit an all-time high of 16,000 today. You know what that means. I hope, because I don't. Colbert Nation beats China! $100K+ for Philippines relief! I demand a seat on the UN Security Council! Text COLBERT to 50555 to donate $10. Nation, you've already donated $85,560! Text COLBERT to 50555 to donate $10 to Convoy of Hope's Typhoon Response Efforts in the Philippines. 2NITE: My guests are gospel group The of Alabama. They're about to meet the Tone-Deaf Boy of South Carolina. Celebrate 150th Anniv. of Gettysburg Address! Learn it, record it, share it! Here's mine: The Olympic torch has returned from space. I hope it didn't burn up on re-entry. TONIGHT: Scandal hits a trusted news source! Evidently it should've been a FORTY percent chance of showers. 11:30 p.m. 2NITE: I want genetically modified foods. Cuz you are what you eat, and Im hoping one day a mutant tomato can give me heat vision. 11:30p A North Dakota woman says she'll give chubby kids disapproving letters on Halloween instead of candy. Still beats candy corn. Today's sweater weather report: light pilling with a chance of argyle. My World Series prediction: once again, it will go to America. American Academy of Pediatrics says kids should be limited to 2 hrs. of texting/tweeting a day. Good, that still allows for 22 hours of TV! 2NITE: My guest Orlando Bloom stars on Broadway in ROMEO AND JULIET. Wow, they made that Leonardo DiCaprio movie into a play! Colbert & Fallon: BfOMN! (Best Friends Forever For One More Night!) I interview Jimmy! Sun. 11/24 - NJPAC 8pm - I've always had a soft spot for endangered species. Primarily on my plush Siberian tiger rug. Please retweet this. Sincerely, Stephen #lordofthetweets My guest is a British actor, screenwriter, author, journalist, TV host, & activist. Too bad, I could really use a notary. 11:30p Anyone who's seen my show knows I'm no fan of President Obama. Also anyone who's seen my lower back tattoo. 2NITE: The latest in the world of erotic literature! Consult your doctor if your hardcover lasts more than four hours. 11:30p TONIGHT: Are we losing the War On Drugs? Or are we winning the War on Oreos and Mozzarella Balls? 11:30pm Qatar was accused of paying slave wages to build stadiums for the 2022 World Cup. That's horrible. We'll still be playing soccer in 2022?! Ocean acidification is at the highest level in 300 million years. In other words: instant ceviche! 2NITE: My guest Chris Matthews ( has written a book about bipartisanship. Ask your parents what bipartisanship is. 11:30 pm 2NITE: My guest Daniel Radcliffe plays Beat poet Alan Ginsberg in KILL YOUR DARLINGS, aka HARRY POTTER AND THE STARVING HYSTERICAL NAKED. 2NITE: Vince Gilligan will discuss last night's finale. To avoid spoilers, watch the previous 1246 episodes of TCR first. Scientists now say adolescence lasts until age 25. To which 25-year-olds responded No it doesn't! GOD! Get out of my room! Anybody seen my pancake mix? Couldn't find it in the cabinet so I figured I'd ask you guys. 2NITE: My guest Joseph Gordon-Levitt ( wrote, directed and stars in DON JON. But what he really wants to do is sound editing! 2NITE: My guests have a new 3-D IMAX concert film called THROUGH THE NEVER. It's like the Never is coming right at you! 11:30pm BEHIND behind the candelabra!! Congress must vote to repeal Obamacare a 42nd time. After all, 42 is the answer to life, the universe, and everything. From Day 1, I've vowed to stop Obamacare or die trying. Knowing my luck, I'll almost die and get nursed back to life by Obamacare! 11:30pm I pride myself on my decisiveness. If I ever lost my ability to instantly know my next course of action, I don't know what I'd do. 11:30p Doing great in my Fantasy Football league, in which I fantasize that football is actually a delicious 3-foot hoagie. Kanye West performed for a brutal dictator. But, in his defense, he probably never thought we'd find out about it. I feel bad for the billionaires left off the Forbes 400. Hopefully they can make the Poverty Magazine 313,899,600. Five years after the Financial Meltdown, isn't it time to recognize that 'the Financial Meltdown would be an amazing name for a sandwich? If it walks like a duck, it's probably some kind of land duck, cause i'm pretty sure ducks fly. I'm so angry about Putin's op-ed that I'm canceling my subscription to the New York Times. First step: Subscribe to the New York Times. Tom Hanks has jury duty! I thought he already served on that case of JOE VS. THE VOLCANO. 2NIGHT: My guest has a new album is called FEELS LIKE HOME. I assume it's a recording of silent, parental disapproval. 11:30pm Tonight: I take a break from depressing stuff like Syria to discuss depressing stuff like J.D. Salinger. 11:30 p.m. TONIGHT: My guest was the #1 women's tennis player for 5 years. I'll see if she can return my 100mph interruptions. 11:30pm If New York doesn't act fast and deal with this cats-on-the-train-track problem, soon we'll have them on Broadway! 2NITE: My guest John Prine wrote such classic folk songs as Angel From Montgomery. He's about to meet an Angel from Manhattan. TCR, 11:30p Ahoy, Nation! Join in Annapolis on 9/14 at 9:30am - Wounded Warriors Sailing Regatta RSVP info Perfect Polly makes a great pet for people of any age! Or Roombas of any age! 2NITE: Only 29% of Americans want to attack Syria. On the plus side, 29% of Americans know there is a place called Syria. TONIGHT!: I'm back from my summer vacation. But don't tell anyone--I didn't do my summer reading. 11:30 p.m. A study found that Facebook makes us feel worse about our lives. Think about how bad I feel -- I'm still on Friendster. I'm off for two weeks! As a parting present, why don't you go ahead and take off Monday, September 2nd in my honor? Fantasy football is coming back! My fantasy: this year NFL players ride armored rhinos. Scientists have discovered a new mammal that looks like a cross between a cat and a raccoon. But I think it tastes more like chicken. A study found people who have sex four or more times a week make more money. Especially if they charge fifty bucks a pop. Going on vacation. Can't wait to unplug from phone, email, and NSA. Tonight!: Energy is so cheap, I can finally realize my dream of making my furnace & air conditioner fight! 11:30pm I call em like I see em! Keyboard! Monitor! Hamburger! (These are all things I'm currently seeing.) You go to jail in Russia for being gay. Someone better arrest those nesting dolls. They're ladies inside other ladies! A sinkhole opened up in the ground near Disney World. The line to get in it is already 4 hours long. My guest civil rights pioneer is the subject of a new graphic novel. I'll ask what's a better villain: racism or Green Goblin? An Australian politician mistook Islam for a country. But don't criticize her: that's a core tenet of the Australianist faith. TONIGHT: Celebrities give back to the community. And, surprise, it's not court-ordered. 11:30 p.m. A dead shark was found on the New York City subway. We're gonna need a bigger Metrocard. My guest is Ashton Kutcher ( star of the new Steve Jobs biopic. Good, it'll save me a trip to the Genius Bar. 11:30p 2NITE: Fast food workers stage protests. Too bad it's impossible to understand what they're chanting through the drive-thru speaker. 11:30pm Have you seen me boogie to Daft Punk at #Colbchella013? What are you waiting for? Find it here: Stephest Colbchella 013 starts tomorrow 8/6 with Daft Punk! Are U Ready 2 Rock?! Well, then, please wait just one more day! #Colbchella013 Tonight: MLB suspended A-Rod for a total of 211 games--otherwise known as \\What A Single Baseball Game Feels Like.\\ 11:30p Colbchella 013 kicks off Tues 8/6 with Daft Punk! So now you only have to stay up until 11:30pm EST to get lucky. #Colbchella013 This Tuesday 8/6, don't miss Stephest Colbchella 013: The Song of the Summer Of the Century with special guest Daft Punk. Details to come. There's nothing more valuable in life than friendship. I'm just kidding -- it's gold! Beware of stripper bears. Don't believe them when they say their just stripping to put themselves through Salmon School. My guest stars in the final season of BREAKING BAD. But the story goes on in the form of U.S's crippling meth epidemic.11:30p Oprah Winfrey's OWN network is finally profitable. Thank goodness--for a while there I was really worried about Oprah. Televangelist Pat Robertson says being transgendered isn't a sin. But the question remains: What weather do they cause? Board games aren't the only family activity getting a makeover. Next road trip, I'm throwing up in the FRONT seat of the car! Had a dream I was watching Heidi Klum watch Howie Mandel at 10:30 on TBS #dealwithit What could that possibly mean?! #ohwaitiknow Im enraged by the Manning trial, in that he had a trial. Those Gitmo prisoners must dying 2 know how he wrangled that sweet deal. 11:30p White Castle may use part-time workers to get around Obamacare. Get ready for Harold and Kumar Go to Canada for MRIs. Never bring a knife to a gun fight. But do bring balloons, they're fun to shoot. I'm intrigued by this lake at the North Pole. I bet renting a cabana is cheap as hell. Facebook is near its IPO price. People will keep buying it now as long as their moms don't also acquire stock. Now that there's no porn in Britain, how am I supposed to keep up with Downton Booby? Remember: Only print 1 Obamacare card per person. After all, this is a real fake government document. Detroit retirees, if u budget rite, u can afford everything u need: food, rent, a cue ball in a sock to fight off hungry raccoons. 11:30pm North Carolina is planning to legalize guns on playgrounds and in bars--two places where nobody ever gets in fights! With a name like George Alexander Louis, the royal baby is destined to have three names. I've still got royal baby fever, but I don't know how serious it is because it's in centigrade. 2NITE ON TCR!: This new photo of Anthony Weiner is only the tip of the iceberg. Well, and some of the shaft. 11:30pm The royal baby was honored with a 41-gun salute today. Unfortunately, it happened right after Kate finally got him to sleep. 2NITE on TCR!: America has a long-overdue conversation about race. Then, when it gets awkward, about sports. 11:30pm 2NITE!: Controversy in the fast food industry. Turns out fourth meal is really just second dinner. 11:30 p.m. 2NITE!: I sit down with actor Jeff Bridges, assuming he doesn't get sucked into my computer. 11:30pm So what if Congress slashed food stamps. You can still get plenty of nutrition from licking regular stamps. 2NITE!: My guest is If he plays his cards right, this appearance could lead to him getting a show of his own! For the 1st time, a drone landed itself on an aircraft carrier. Wake me up when it learns 2 play volleyball against a shirtless Val Kilmer. 2NITE!: My guest is founder of tumblr. Parents, ask your kids. Then call me and let me know what it is. 11:30pm 2NITE!: I'm back from a glorious 2-week vacation. I feel years younger, and yet strangely, 2 weeks older. 11:30 p.m. Happy 4th of July! If you go 2 sleep tonight with the same number of fingers you woke up with, did you REALLY honor our country enough? George Lucas recently tied the knot in a beautiful ceremony. In the wedding video, Han toasts first. Girl Scouts of America struggling to close $347m pension deficit. That's what happens when all your best cookie saleswomen retire at age 11. A Seattle farmer is raising pigs by feeding them scraps from his pot farm. So get ready for a B.L.T.H.C! Edward Snowden, if you're reading this tweet, turn yourself in. NSA, if you're reading it, hi!! My guest wrote a 976pp. book abt raising challenging kids. Perfect 4 overwhelmed parents w/plenty of time 2 read. TCR, 11:30 I don't know why farmers need 2 buy chicken cages. Can't poultry engineers just breed a chicken that grows its own cage? 2NITE! My guest is from The Beatles, Wings, and--fingers crossed--The Stevie & Paul Xperience! 11:30 pm A lightsaber cane? I don't want to nitpick, but technically if Chewbacca needs help walking, he should use bowcaster crutches. If you're doing nothing wrong, you have nothing to hide from the giant surveillance apparatus the government's been hiding. Learn something new every day. Like, did you know Glenn Frey did not invent the frying pan? And he also didn't invent the Glenning pan. The book THE CENTER HOLDS is abt Obama's fight 2 win reelection. I haven't read it yet, so don't tell me how it ends. 2NITE!: I don't like newspapers. That's why I don't subscribe 2 any. If I have 2 kill a spider, I use a rolled-up iPad. B4 my 6/6 interview w/Stephen King, John Mellencamp & T-Bone Burnett, watch EXCLUSIVE video of Mellencamp's Truth ! 2NITE!: Google Glass is banning porn! Now the only way you can see porn on Google is by typing porn into Google. 11:30pm 2NITE!: I Better Know Wisconsin's 2nd Dist. For instance, did U know it's about 2 profiled by Stephen Colbert? 11:30pm I'm joining #GoSilent campaign to honor our #vets this Memorial Day. More info: I'm taking next week off from work to better understand the psychological plight of the unemployed. Just kidding, I'm going to Cabo! Check me out in the photo shoot in the new Obviously, our schools need more $ for chairs! 2NITE!: My guests R known 4 their melancholy sound. They've got a great beat, and U can really weep in the shower 2 it! 11:30p If it walks like a duck and talks like a duck, it might be a prairie dog, because I often get them confused with ducks. Folks in Portland, OR are protesting adding fluoride to the water. They're more into locally sourced, artisanally reduced forms of fluorine. To avoid the IRS targeting me as a conservative, I file all my taxes under the name Chef Boyardee. 2NITE!: Benghazi is the biggest scandal since sliced bread was caught funneling money to Nicaraguan death squads. 11:30pm Just went to Monticello. Man, Jefferson did everything! He was like James Franco, but with slaves! #almost saiddonaldgloverbuttheslavething Tommy loved the brown sugar! #DNA ! Venezuela claims it's short 40 million rolls of toilet paper. Hopefully it can reach under the stall and borrow some from Colombia. Like tonight? Give a shout out of love to my sometimes black friend! #longhug I want to thank for riding along on my Invisible Harley. Next year, we're going to Imaginary Sturgis. 2NITE: I Better Know Milwaukee, the NYC of Wisconsin if the Big Apple were deep fried and smothered in cheddar sauce. 11:30pm Can I get a spellcheck on wahoowa ? MSWord thinks Im trying to spell washbowl ! I'm the valedictory speaker at UVA this Saturday! #wahoowa Maxim's Hot 100 List is bogus. Some of those girls look WAY younger than 100. My guest sez any bestseller needs a chase. U hear that, Hwy Patrolman Clark? I was just giving U a book idea! TCR, 11:30pm I found out about the IRS's shameful behavior on the catamaran that's my home office. New UN report says edible insects could solve world hunger. May already be working--my appetite just vanished. #cOlbertsBookClub 2nite! We'll be talking about THE GREAT GATSBY in detail: p.30, p.71, p.143--nothing's off limits! 11:30pm 2NITE! Congress spent last week debating whether they're 'deadlocked\\ or \\gridlocked\\ until they finally reached a stalemate. TCR, 11:30pm If I had my druthers, I'd have someone explain to me what 'druthers are. Can't believe former Poet Laureate asked me to prom. I totally thought he was going with Maya Angelou. Another epic Prom-Posal coming at you: Stacy, will you go to prom with Rick? (Odds are that applies to someone.) Watching that footage of the burning car in Benghazi makes me nostalgic for my old Gremlin. Only 3 more days till we find out: THE GREAT GATSBY.or THE GREATEST GATSBY? #cOlbertsBookClu Of course Jesus was a hipster. Those 40 days he spent wandering the desert? He was trying to find Burning Man! 2NITE!: My guest Robert Caro has written 4 books about LBJ. Now we'll finally find out what the stands for! 11:30pm Lowcountry Nation in SC's 1st District: Go Vote Tomorrow! Whoever the winner is, I wish her luck. #SisterPower cOlbert's Book Club ALERT! Only 1 week left to finish THE GREAT GATSBY! If you love stories about directions & eggs, you're in luck! 2NITE! My guest is Sir Ben Kingsley. I'll ask him why he's the only British actor not in the Harry Potter movies. 11:30 pm An elementary school in New York City is going 100% vegetarian. The kids are going to go wild for Taco Shell Tuesdays. Fans of freak shows and funnel cakes: check out ZIPPER: CONEY ISLAND's LAST WILD RIDE, Sat. May 4th #zipperride 2NITE: My guests are & of the hit song Thrift Shop. I promise to show them some Goodwill! 11:30pm It's that time of year again: the Montclair Film Fest! Like girls? Like guns? See A GIRL AND A GUN, Sat 5/4! #girlgun The first World Wide Web page launched 20 years ago today. Followed quickly by the first hasty clearing of web browser history. 2NITE! My guests Evan Spiegel & Bobby Murphy developed It's hipper than their competitor's app, Velcrotalk 11:30p 2NITE!: My guest is Iggy Pop Godfather of Punk. He's about to meet the 3rd Cousin of Easy Listening. 11:30pm Join cOlbert's Book Club! Read THE GREAT GATSBY by 5/9! After that we'll read the sequel, 2 GREAT, 2 GATSBY! You have til 5/9 to read THE GREAT GATSBY. Or as I'm calling it until I read it, THE HOLDING-MY-JUDGMENT GATSBY. #cOlbertsBookClub How bout that information super highway? (Just trying to make internet small talk) Join cOlbert's Book Club and read THE GREAT GATSBY by 5/9. I don't want to give too much away, but it's a book. Check out ALPHA HOUSE, created by Garry Trudeau, & featuring a cameo by America's fave pundit. (HINT: I mean ME!) cOlbert's Book Club starts 2nite! Read THE GREAT GATSBY by 5/9. If this club takes off, I'm gonna make this F. Scott Fitzgerald guy huge! The TSA has delayed its plan to allow knives on planes. So I got my Swiss Army Knife a visa and passport for nothing?! I taught to tweet! This is almost as exciting as the time I taught Cheney Dance Dance Revolution. TONITE!: My guest is superstar NASCAR driver I wonder if she can teach me how to parallel park. 11:30pm When it comes to math, I never carry the one. Hey, I work all day--it should be carrying me. 2NITE: Thanx 2 the sequester, if you've flown in the last couple days, U may have noticed U didn't fly in the last couple days. TCR, 11:30 2NITE: In honor of guest I filled his dressing room with Tostito Scoops. Farm your way out of that, Pollan! Tickets for the World Science Festival go on sale 4/25. (Transportation to The World not included.) 2NITE!: My guest plays 15 roles in Broadway's MACBETH. He's gotta have one nervous understudy. 11:30 p.m. Florida is being overrun by African Land Snails! The invasion has been ramping up since 1942. Just fed my Rollie Rhode Island Red some Taco Bell. In 5 minutes, it's Huevos Rancheros time! Buzzfeed is the Edward R. Murrow of posting lists of chipmunks that look like Edward R. Murrow. 2NITE! My guest Caroline Kennedy has a new book of POEMS TO LEARN BY HEART. But if I learn them by heart, why would I need a book? TCR,11:30 Warning: the Mayo Clinic is NOT an institution dedicated to mayonnaise. Learned that the hard way. Home is where you hang your hat, so my home is the eliptical trainer I haven't used in 18 months. Finland apologized to Russia's Vladamir Putin for putting him on their criminal blacklist. Finland, you will be missed. Times Square cartoon mascots are a hallowed tradition of duping tourists, like 3-card monty or Mamma Mia. If the GOP gets into pot, how will they not crack up when they see this? 2NITE: NASA plans 2 lasso an asteroid b/c given their budget, the most advanced technology they can afford is rope. 11:30p If we took all the guns out of video games, Oregon Trail would just be about some poor family dying of dysentery while their oxen drown. Weiner would be a great NYC mayor. We wouldn't have to worry about a soda ban--we've seen he puts more than 16 oz. in his cup. TCR, 11:30p This tweet is brought to you with limited commercial interrup-prilosec-tions. My baloney has a first name, but I'd rather not know what it is. Don't want to get attached. FUN FACT: Each episode of ends with bonus outtakes! Or it would, if I ever made a mistake. Don't forget to follow I believe that as ex-president, everything he tweets carries the weight of law. 2NITE: My guest is former Prez Bill Clinton! If it goes well, I hope 2 interview ALL the ex-presidents. You're next, Hoover! Handy fix-it tip: If you break a drawer on your Ikea desk, buy a new Ikea desk. 2NITE: I don't care much for the environment. If it's that important to protect it, why isn't it Scotchgarded? 11:30 p.m. 2NITE: My guest author A.C. Grayling makes a case against religion. If you ask me, he doesn't have a prayer. 11:30pm Jay-Z is trying his hand at being a sports agent. He's got 99 problems, but negotiating a great back-end deal w/Gatorade ain't one. Florida might ban bongs. This explains why seniors eat so early-- they have the munchies!! Tonight's guest said we need more female energy in D.C. I wonder if she's met my sister? She's got energy! Wow. Barack Obama is doing a great job running this country. April Fools! Wait, it's after midnight oh no, what have I said?! Happy Belated Easter! I was going to tweet this yesterday, but then it wouldn't have made any sense. 2NITE! My guest Sigourney Weaver stars in a new Broadway show. I can't wait 2 see aliens burst from her chest & SING! 11:30p 2NIGHT: Every day, more & more freeloaders R sucking @ the gov't teat, which is especially troubling since Uncle Sam is a dude! TCR, 11:30 Ashley Judd has decided against a Congressional run. In a related story, Mitch McConnell isn't making any more movies. What lovely people! I wish I could huff them. If I don't like the Supreme Court's decision on gay marriage I'm going to appeal it all the way to the oh no! 2NIGHT: I've always suspected that skim milk was gay. It's got Homo-genized right on the carton! 11:30 p.m. 2NITE: My guest, Carl Edgar Blake, is a farmer who's bred the perfect pig. I assume it can talk without stuttering. 11:30pm My sister Elizabeth is leading Mark Sanford in the polls! she could give me the Colbert Busch Bump.? TONIGHT: The Bible says marriage is between one man, and that man's rib. Nothing gay. 11:30 p.m. Thanks to Mark Burnett's help, The Bible might become the number one bestselling book of all time! 2NITE: The Vatican Conclave of Cardinals to name a new pope is like the Christian SuperBowl, but with less thanking Jesus. Guess who's the new Mother of Dragons! #GameOfThrones (hint: it's me!) Election Day in SC 1st district! Remember to vote #SCNation! Vote for the candidate of your choice! Here's one option: Blew out my one good eardrum diving. On the bright side, I can now blow bubbles with my Eustachian tube! Jake Tapper launches new show into the Tappersphere! Today! CNN! At 4pm! .I think. Somebody fact check, and get back to me. Midnight @ World of Harry Potter - guards haven't found me yet. Hiding in Olivanders! #don'ttell #itchoseme! #shhthey'recoming I'm worried I chose the wrong guest. Now I'll never unleash my inner birdhouse. I face a similar Bachelor-style conundrum every time somebody asks me soup or salad? MLB spring training is helping me get my stamina up to watching an entire baseball game this year. If at first you don't succeed, you're not trying to do easy enough stuff. The record Dow numbers show once again that a rising tide lifts all boats of people who can afford boats. 2NIGHT: The Snowquester is a combination of snow & the sequester. I think this is fantastic & ridiculous, or Fantasticulous. TCR, 11:30pm Wonder if the new OZ movie lines up with a Pink Floyd album. Or, since it's produced by Disney, a Selena Gomez album. An unmanned drone was spotted over Brooklyn. Apparently, it couldn't afford to fly over Manhattan. 2NITE: My guest was in SPIDER-MAN & 127 HOURS. If the interview goes poorly, I'll hack off my arm & run away. TCR, 11:30pm More guns always = more safety! Just like more alcohol always = better dancing. Obama's Jedi mind meld gaffe finally got nerds mad enough to complain about something on the Internet. Using a speechwriter is weak. Bush just threw Magnetic Poetry at a fridge. I loved when he said The state of our union is enormous acumen. TONIGHT: As of 8 p.m. Central Vatican Time, we are officially Pope-less. We have undergone a Pope-endectomy. 11:30 p.m. The Harlem Globetrotters visited North Korea. Apparently, Pyongyang had a rash of cartoon ghost mysteries. Happy Cinqo De Mayo! (I have no idea when/what that is--I don't speak Spanish. Just trying to court some Latinos.) Colbert secret: this is my #1 source of news: It'll be a cold day in Hell when Texas swings for Democrats. Temperatures in Texas, however, will remain at standard Hell levels. The Pope only has two days left in office. I bet he's got a serious case of Monsignoritis. 2NITE: My guest, Michio Kaku, says an asteroid could destroy Earth. On the plus side, that asteroid would be totally wiped out! TCR, 11:30pm All these Vatican scandals make me wish for the uncontroversial good old days of Inquisitions and Crusades. TONIGHT: We all know Hollywood doesn't reward torture films. If they did, the winner would've been BATTLESHIP. 11:30 p.m. Regained control of my Twitter feed. Turns out, I wasn't hacked by VH1 Classic. I was hacked by Burger King! Watched videos from Berlin, Asia, Chicago. Still can't find my luggage, thinking maybe Toto took it to Kansas. #VH1ClassicHack How many times can you watch Paula Abdul's Opposites Attract and not go insane? Find out on TOTALLY 80s @ 9am! #VH1ClassicHack The future's so bright I gotta wear shades. Also due to a nasty case of pink-eye. #VH1ClassicHack Is it normal if your Pop-Up Video lasts for more than 4 hours? #VH1ClassicHack Is this the real life? Is this just fantasy? Nope! It's a network playing the hits of the 70s-80s-90s & years in between! #VH1ClassicHack Due to their advanced age, Bad Company now just feels like making soup. #VH1ClassicHack Allow me to pose one of life's eternal questions: Which came first, the Ashford or the Simpson? #VH1classichack (Long wailing guitar solo that ends with guitarist rubbing his groin on the camera lens) #VH1ClassicHack Uh-oh. Just got some sugar poured on me. #Ilovehearingimpairedjunglecats #VH1ClassicHack Ricky Martin missed the express train, so he's Livin la Vida Local! #VH1ClassicHack Styx and the Stones may break my bones, but who cares?! Crank it up and rip off the knob! #VH1ClassicHack Just figured out what Alanis Morissette was talking about in You Oughtta Know! #blushing #VH1ClassicHack As Robert Palmer said, Might as well face it, I'm addicted to cross platform synergy! #VH1ClassicHack Finally found out the one thing Meat Loaf won't do for love! Now how can I UN-find it out? #itinvolvestheloaf #VH1ClassicHack VH1 Classic: All music, all the time.plus reruns of MARRIED WITH CHILDREN. #VH1ClassicHack Are you in Charleston, SC this Saturday? Me too! Beer, bowling, boiled peanuts! Plus me and my sister Elizabeth. #SC1 What's so bad about horsemeat? My staff gets catered horsemeat every day and none of them complain. Also, staff, you're eating horsemeat. Pittsburgh is seeking a federal grant to purchase a hovercraft. In other news, I'm seeking a federal grant to purchase a hovercraft. A Pixar artist is teaming up with Facebook to create new emoticons. Great, now I'll start crying every time I read a text. Office Max and Office Depot are going to merge. I believe they're going to be called Max Depot. 2NIGHT: My guest has written a new book about bullying. If you don't buy it, she'll give you a Purple Nurple. TCR, 11:30 p.m. TONIGHT: What is President Obama hiding? Besides the sugary cereals--they make Joe Biden hyper. 11:30 p.m. WEB EXCLUSIVE: Me and my audience doing the Harlem Shake! Check it out! 2NITE: My guest is Lieutenant Governor of CA. If he does a good job, someday he'll be Colonel Governor. 11:30pm It's Ash Wednesday-- and we all know what the pope gave up for Lent! TONIGHT: My guest is Dave Grohl of I'll ask what he's got against Foo. 11:30 p.m. I think it's overstating it to say the G.O.P. is being torn apart by a civil war -- it's merely being torn in half. TONITE: With the economy in shambles, the GOP thought the 2012 race was theirs to lose. And they were right. 11:30 p.m. What's the past tense of Pope ? Puppe? Porpe? Can't believe the pope quit. It's like that old saying goes: Does the pope quit in the woods? Im pretty sure I got that right. Bush's paintings are all over the internet. Yet we're STILL waiting for his alt-folk album to drop. Release the tapes, Mr. President! Choose your snow fort location carefully, New Yorkers: in the right neighborhood, it could sell for millions. After last night's show about Lulu's campaign, everbody's asking if I'll be tweeting or .Not sure yet The US is the #1 country for plastic surgery! Well, we're actually #6, but we had a little work done. If we get rid of pennies, how will old people hold up supermarket lines? 2NITE: Without the Canadian penny, what will we Americans occasionally get mixed up with our change? OUR pennies? 11:30pm The hatchet-wielding hitchhiker worked out so well, I'm officially done checking my backseat after late-night stops for gas. 2NITE: My guest is Oscar-winning actress Julie Andrews. I assume she's here because I'm one of her favorite things. 11:30pm It is now officially legal for women in Paris to wear pants. Unfortunately that's bad news for this place I know in France. TONIGHT: My guest is Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor. She's about to receive my dissenting opinion. 11:30 p.m. A Barbie-themed restaurant opened in Taiwan. I'm worried it'll give girls unrealistic expectations for what's a good restaurant concept. We may have a wings shortage, but we sure don't have a Wyngz shortage! Super Bowl saved. BlackBerry's new Global Creative Director will be Alicia Keys. Much better than the one they'd been testing out, Alicia Touchscreen. TONIGHT: My guest is billionaire philanthropist Finally, someone who donates money to billionaires! 11:30 pm North Korea has been added to Google Maps, so you can now get biking, driving, or forced marching directions. The GOP is looking to re-brand itself before the next election. Maybe they could try going with 'democrat next time. Looks like Gitmo will remain open indefinitely -- which means my sitcom pitch remains totally relevant! Federal laws should work like a salad bar: Take what you want, ignore the rest, and avoid the funny-smelling hollandaise. TONIGHT: My guest is short story virtuoso George Saunders. Though weirdly, he's actually average height. 11:30 PM. 2NITE: Pres. Obama's 2nd term is only a week old, and already we're one week closer 2 dying. Welcome to Obamacare. 11:30pm Great video from StoryCorps! Check out Pete Dominick in the Old Grey Lady! Thanks for the makeover, Tavi Gevinson! The puppy & I have decided to go by the celeb couple name #Colbuppy! Call me, Tiger Beat! Some advice for the French on Mali: it gets easier once your media starts ignoring it. The voice of Charlie Brown was arrested for stalking. Man, is he going to rack up those 5 cent psychiatrist fees. I believe Ayn Rand's first love poem went: Roses are red/ violets are blue/ finish this poem yourself / you dependent parasite Beyonce may have lip-synced, but I say Obama oath-synced on Monday. Why else would he he pre-record his oath on Sunday! 2NITE: My guest is Oscar-winning actress Sally Field. I'll tell her I like me, I really, really like me. 11:30pm For my full interview with Kathryn Bigelow, go to starting at 5 a.m., Wednesday morn, 1/23. GUEST CHANGE: My guest tonight is now Kathryn Bigelow, director of ZERO DARK THIRTY. In your face, Hoffman! I don't want America to be like Downton Abbey, because then it'd be OUR fault Lady Edith can't find a good man. She'll die a spinster! 2NITE: My guest is Dustin Hoffman, Oscar-winning actor & director of QUINTET, film debut of a certain mystery pundit. (It's me!) TCR,11:30pm Remember, if you're in public and have the winter vomiting bug, be polite and vomit into your elbow. The flu has totally gone viral. Clearly Obama flunked his first term since he's being forced to repeat it again. A 2nd Inaugural is like people who renew their wedding vows. We get it, you're married! Im not buying U another salad bowl! TCR,11:30pm The Second Amendment trumps all the other amendments, because it's the one that's packing. 2NIGHT: If our founding fathers believed in gun control, then why'd they put the Constitution in a bulletproof case? 11:30pm Da Vinci Code author Dan Brown has a new novel coming out in May. You can read an advance copy by reading his last novel. 2NIGHT: My guest Jared Diamond has a new book: THE WORLD UNTIL YESTERDAY. Incredible--he wrote & published a book in one night! TCR, 11:30pm Crowds gathered in France to protest gay marriage. They believe marriage is between one man, one woman, and any number of mistresses. 2NITE: Members of Obama's cabinet are jumping off the S.S. Barack like rats leaving for an opportunity in the private sector. TCR, 11:30pm 2NIGHT: Dear Leader Obama is more determined than ever 2 take away our guns--in that he has never tried to take away our guns. TCR,11:30pm Video footage proves the existence of the elusive giant squid. Hooray--calamari for everyone! I remember when stamps were $.01 a piece! And if you had 37 of them you could send a letter. 2NIGHT: My guest is Chris Kluwe, outspoken punter for the Minnesota Vikings. Tho in MN outspoken is a polite inside voice. TCR, 11:30pm The kilogram standard has gained tens of micrograms from surface contamination. Hey, give the kilogram a break - the holidays just ended. The University of Arizona is offering a Minor in Hip-Hop. And if you go on to grad school, you can get your Doctorate in Dre. On 2NIGHT's Im back! I haven't sat at my desk for 24 days--that's 576 hours, or 2 viewings of LES MISERABLES. 11:30 p.m. Sean Lennon, Mavis Staples & Jeff Tweedy singing Happy Xmas (War Is Over), now on iTunes. Proceeds go to Sandy relief. On the 1st day of Christmas, my true love gave to me: 3 weeks off! See you in 2013! Michael Stipe, Mandy Patinkin, and me singing Good King Wenceslas, now on iTunes! All proceeds go to Sandy relief. Get the single of me, Michael Stipe and Mandy Patinkin singing Good King Wenceslas, now available on iTunes! My guest is HOMELAND's Mandy Patinkin. I'll tell him My name is Stephen Colbert. You killed my Sunday nights. Prepare to die! TCR,11:30pm I love Xmas decorations! I spray all my windows with fake frost, including my windshield. Apologies to everyone I hit on my way 2 work. TONIGHT: My guest is author Malcolm Gladwell. Thanks to his previous book, I finally learned how to blink. 11:30pm Business idea: Hair salon/accounting firm called Tax Cuts. Trademark! Tweet about how I'd make an ideal Senator. For one, I have no idea how many homes I own. #spottedsalamander I don't want to toot my own horn as a candidate for SC senator. So, Nation, you toot it! Tweet #spottedsalamander 2NITE: My guest has new album called Glad Rag Doll. Sounds like Raggedy Ann and Andy finally got bizz-ay! TCR, 11:30pm Tweet & tell her why I belong in the US Senate. For one, I wouldn't just block legislation, I'd body-check it! #SenatorColbert Nation! Tell why I should take over for Jim DeMint! #SenatorColbert Could our Better Tomorrow be. Tomorrow? I'll be on Talks Fri. @ 2:30pm talking about AMERICA AGAIN. It's the perfect precursor for buying another copy! TONIGHT: Peter Jackson is on the show! He's my favorite director! Wait, Jimmy-I mean 'second favorite! What have I done?!?! TCR, 11:30pm Trapped Andy Serkis in a damp cave under my studio. He seems happy. TONIGHT: My guest Andy Serkis plays Gollum in THE HOBBIT. If he doesn't answer my question, I eats him. 11:30pm Hey, did you know there is a feed? I didn't. Check it out and let me know what you think! Warning: I had Androgel on my fingers when I typed this tweet. So don't be alarmed when your computer grows testicles. What a cold world R.I.P. x Probably the best clip of my Trickshotting career. ill never forget this one. The best Fortnite player in the world plus 3 FaZe Fans Uploading a montage for the first time in almost 3 years today.IM SO EXCITED. CANT WAIT FOR U GUYS TO SEE IT listening im winning a solo squad game today, i will stay in this fkn chair all day if i have to Im 21 holy shit buddy, Thanks for all the birthday wishes. Love you guys Happy BIRTHDAY TO MY DOG BARRY !! He got so big holy shit, my guys only 1 year old i had no idea what i was doing but I HELD IT TF DOWN DEFENSE BABY SIDEMEN CHARITY SOCCER GAME! (Goals & Highlights)  On the way to London to play in sideman charity soccor game but I dont really know how to play soccor tho.aw shit damn I really thought chickens had 4 legs whats the fuck man I just killed two people with one sniper bullet while in a shopping cart? wtf is going on yo fortnite stays LIT oh my god it fazes BIRTHDAY! happy bday faze ur a sick guy Warriors in 3 bruh THIS WAS HIS PUNISHMENT.(HILARIOUS)  No way Lebron James is a human being. What an absolute monster FaZe Adapt Visits Norway! ft. RiceGum, FaZe Banks, Alissa Violet  I dont know whats going on How lit is it my cat was born on June 4th then June 5th is my birthday, thats how I know my parents love me.they After my trip to Norway Ive come to the conclusion that theres a lot of shit In the foreign that I have no knowle Lmao Lil Tay is a real life puppet, that poor girl, and her brothers a pretty shit coach cmon bro fuck you talking Im go see what Norway is looking like An Awkward Time to LOSE a Fortnite Game.  FaZe Adapt The Type Of... (FORTNITE SPECIAL)  GOT A BANGER SKIT GOING UP TODAY BOYS ITS LIT Hell yeah I finally can be the flash! $5,000 TREASURE HUNT IN THE FAZE HOUSE! (insane)  If we cant physically see air do yall think the fishes cant see water? Makes sense right. LITTLE SISTER SURPRISES ME WITH NEW PUPPY!!  Yo guys dont forget to check out the GFuel / FaZe battle royal giveaway. Enter to win 100,000 Vbucks and a ton mor How many times do you think Lil Tay has said the words 9 years old? VISITING DRAKE's $30 MILLION MANSION!! (INSANE)  Stay lit Does Target host birthday parties it says Battle. Adapt . Win. and its a photo of flash...?? THAT MEANS THIS SEASON I WILL BE A GOD YES Bruno Mars telling girls hed catch a grenade for them like hes Odell Beckham jr or some shit. U cant just catch SURPRISED WITH A CUSTOM FAZE LOUIS VUITTON BAG!! ($10,000)  I saw Cardi and Offset separately in the same hour at two different malls lmao tf ive had the worst migraine ever the past few days how i make this shit go away bruh it hurts Lmao my guys really are lit MY MOST KILLS *EVER* On Fortnite Battle Royale  So we have two open rooms, who wants to move in the FaZe House? HUGE FaZe House Update (I need your help)  So excited to see Eminem LIVE this weekend man thats gonna be so god damn LIT Seriously thank you to everyone taking the time to help me with this shit situation, it means more than you could imagine. Love yall WE FOUND THE THIEF...(thank you)  lmao no this is not him, everybody keeps tweeting me this pic. We found the guy so please leave this dude alone Hahahah gotcha bitch LIVE FOOTAGE OF THE MAN WHO STOLE $100,000 FROM ME (help)  So today I'm uploading the recovered security footage of the man who robbed me $100k in belongings. The cops haven On my Elon Musk shit If you think you have bad luck my new phone just cracked while it was inside my pocket. Hows that even happen wtf I just survived Tilted Towers, so how you gonna tell me Im not a god damn legend?? SURPRISING MY ROOMMATE WITH A $160,000 CAR!  Imagine an app that once Postmates got to ur house there was another dude waiting outside who picked it up and brou MY FIRST SICK FORTNITE CLIP LETS GO BOY IM LIT VISITING THE BRAND NEW FAZE HOUSE!  Im sponsored by now. You already know THE BEST SURPRISE OF MY LIFE.(unreal)  What a day man, thanks to everyone who showed up today. Its crazy how blessed I am to have such an incredible fan I woke up this morning and thought the sunset looked cool so I set up a time lapse by my window, worst fucking idea Can Ninja teach me how to be a beast at Fortnite because holy shit man I keep fkn dying someone HELP ME PLEASE FORTNITE BATTLE ROYALE DUOS w/ LIL YACHTY!  An Awkward Time To Win a Fortnite Game...  Has anyone ever thought what if someone misspelled a word in the dictionary and we just been getting played our ent HOW TO GET FREE FOOD ANYWHERE! (ft. JuJu Smith) GO ROB SOME OTHER YOUTUBER OR A RAPPER OR SOMETHING IM A NICE GUY I JUST PLAY FORTNITE This is why Im so pissed right now I really havent caught a fucking break all year man.this shit is so unfair It was nice being home seeing my friends and fam for a few days but now its time to get back to Cali and put in some work LETS DO IT INTERVIEWING MY LITTLE SISTER NEW BOYFRIEND.  Just completely fucked my car and no I cant drive it anymore other than the we lit, hows yall Friday Man i miss the New York FaZe House so much Back home in Arizona and Im gonna make a Q&A with my little sister! Tweet us questions using the hashtag #AskAdapt LIL YACHTY AT THE FAZE HOUSE! ITS LIT. Sneaking in ANYWHERE for FREE (Yellow Vest Experiment)  Ive lived 10 years twice holy shit Im the man Logic and Yachtys new albums are so fkn DOPE HOLY SHIT MAN UR KIDDING Mocking FaZe Banks.(PART 4)  Tory Lanez Visits the FaZe House!  An Awkward Time to Win a Fortnite game?? New series Whoever stole my wallet im not mad that I have to go to the DMV and get a new license or that I have to order a new If Cinderellas shoe fits perfectly how it fall off? For real tho the Government lying to us Dude theres no way Drake doesnt take naps thats bullshit FaZe Adapt Plays FORTNITE BATTLE ROYAL!!  Finally got around to making a Fortnite video because I been playing the game so fkn much lol. Will be up in a bit! Found out today I had $20k in belongings stolen from my bedroom. Be careful who you trust to let into your home. FAZE ADAPT THE TYPE OF. #17  Can someone tell me how tf you spell fire exstingusher because I got no fkn clue The new me HOW I GAINED 100 LBS IN 10 DAYS (TRANSFORMATION)  Yo where the fuck did all my socks go?? Holy shit Im pregnant... HIDE AND SEEK IN $15,000,000 MANSION!!  FAZE HOUSE HOLLYWOOD IS FINALLY HERE! ITS GONNA BE A GREAT YEAR IM SO HYPED Just ordered a flame thrower from elon bitch Im LIT I fuck up hella trees in fortnite IM NOMINATED FOR VIDEO OF THE YEAR GUYS VOTE FOR ME THAT VID WAS LIT #NBAVOTE This was our worst idea yet.  Just tumbled down the fkn staircase now my leg hurts and the worst part is I spilt all my food so shit bruh anyone Whos really awake tho MY NEW NISSAN GTR *REVEAL*  GTR REVEAL TODAY YALL ARE NOT READY Shoutout to the few genuine YouTubers out there who still care about there videos and to everyone else faking drama Its so easy to tell who makes videos because they genuinely enjoy doing It versus someone who is money hungry and Nowadays its all about exploiting drama or any negative situation to get views Instead of the actual contents of the video its ridiculous YouTube is not what It used to be Sorry guys I cant upload a video today my phone died Everyone says they get anxiety when driving with me but Ive seen all the Fast & Furious movies...I know what Im do CRAZY GAME OF HIDE AND SEEK IN COSTCO!  Just got my GTR back and the wrap is absolutely FKN INSANE I actually cant wait for you guys to see It So I went on a date.  God damn my girl Wendy is a savage Got an Adapt The Type Of going up today and ISSA BANGER. Those are def my favorite videos to make The skip recap button on Netflix is the best thing to happen to me holy shit wheres this been at my whole life Why I haven't been uploading...  FIRST PLACE IN FAZE THROTTLE SKRT SKRT Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays to EVRYONE! hope youre all having a great day and wish you a 2018 full of happiness I fucking hate when you get in the shower and It makes you all wet and shit then you gotta grab a towel HAVENT HAD MY SNAPCHAT FOR TWO MONTHS AND FINALLY GOT IT BACK TODAY IM SO HYPED MY GS LETS GET IT Ive officially mastered the art of not using my brain, theres absolutely nothing going on inside my head rn lmoa Save $25 on all FaZe Bundles AND get an extra 10% off when you use my code ADAPT at checkout SURPRISING MY BEST FRIEND WITH COURT SIDE NBA TICKETS!  Had so much fun in Toronto shoutout to all the fans we meet out there. Youre all amazing. Now back to Cali to make some bangers ME AND MY BOY SO LIT ON THE JUMBO TRON Ay MY NEW MERCH IS OUT!! Theres only 500 so make sure to get one before theyre gone!! God damn Canada is cold af I was not expecting the rain to be all frozen and shit over here Hella bored so Im bout to go to Canada real quick and see whats up over there I CANT BELIEVE THIS IS REAL Dont ever completely fill a U Haul with packing peanuts without thinking of how youre gonna get rid off them because then ur fucked I miss my GTR :( it's been 6 weeks since i got to skrt Almost there I GOT OUT OF A FELONY SPEEDING TICKET (LIFE HACK) via Thank you for 4,500,000 Million Subscribers 5 Milli soon. CRAZY HIDE AND SEEK GAME IN IKEA!!  Holy shit Ikea is so big this place could be its own country, I dont even know how to fkn get out of here I Was Held at Gun Point. (seriously)  In my video today i got pulled over by 8 police officers all strapped up and it was fucking trippy, my guy had an M16 ready to light me up CRAZY MAN BREAKS INTO OUR HOUSE. *footage*  HOLY SHIT I LOVE MAKING BANGERS SMASH OR PASS Challenge: Female YouTubers!!  Yo wtf can someone please help me figure out which orange came first, the color or the fruit...? Lies lies lies. Got arrested trying to film a banger oh shit we're LIT! Klay Thompson visits the FaZe House!! via Everyone wears a mask I ordered Postmates 4 hours ago fell asleep and now its cold :( Thankful to be able to do what I love everyday, I love you guys thank you for always showing love Happy Thanksgiving! Time to get some rest What video should I make today... Man my sleep schedule seriously is fucked how in tf I just wake up its DARK out FaZe Adapt VS Devin Booker! Ft Lil Yachty  THE CRAZIEST PACKING PEANUTS PRANK!!  Alright so Im for real uploading my BEST prank ever today I cant believe I did this Been grinding 2K so hard recently the games actually mad fun WE WON $10,000!! (not clickbait)  After years of trial and error I found out the best way to start your breakfast is to just eat it. Straight up. Big Facts. So me and 1v1'd on 2K yesterday.check it out Jaden Smiths new album in INCREDIBLE PRETENDING TO BE MY LITTLE SISTER ON TINDER...  I wish I could get up and do stuff without actually having to physically get up and move thatd be hella easier Devin Booker VS. FaZe Adapt (NBA SUPERSTAR)  FaZe DBook. no way i just woke up at 12am what the fuck im lit Man i fucking hate when i go out and forgot my brain at home...everytime smh No video today guys, sorry i feel like shit and theres no way i can make anything today Videos will be back tomorrow CARPOOL KARAOKE w/ FaZe Banks!!  LETS MAKE SOME BANGERS When your homie wants to play split screen on ww2 but you REALLY trynna play split screen FAZE ADAPT THE TYPE OF. #15  oh shit I just woke up wtf its 9pm FaZe Play COD with Lil Yachty via How tf did the dudes who made the first clock know what time it was Got a Call of Duty video going up today for the first time in a LONG ASS TIME and its lit Lil Yachty Joins FaZe Clan.  Stayed up all night playing WWI, its so much fun.I LOVE IT FaZe Boat I just realized I hit 2,000,000 Twitter FOLLOWERS! Thats so fkn LIT! Thank you guys Your boy mightve copped a new whip How to scare the shit out of your postmate The FaZe House is Over.  Who else misses the MW2 days I never understood why people dress up as other people for Halloween. Fake AF, the greatest person you can be is yourself Only 90s kids will remember this private location my phone got stolen last night so ya i think im fucked It's looking like a full send tonight boys FINDING MY NEW GIRLFRIEND. via If you ever get arrested just say i plead the physics or some shit like that. then you should be good and theres no self in cremation WE GOT ARRESTED.(live footage) via Shoutout out to all the homies with that broke ass sleep schedule, we stay lit Happy Birthday to the Sweedish prince LOVE YOU BRO TIPPING MY GATEKEEPER $10,000! (not clickbait) via if youre 58 then your also 420 and thats how high you are.for real tho damn even back in 2013 my tweets were still on point This is for everyone who's going through a tough time right now. Stay woke and hopefully this can help you guys ANGRY ROOMMATE SMASHES TV (FREAKOUT!!)  Really really excited for 2018, big things are coming FAZE ADAPT MOTIVATIONAL SPEECH *emotional*  can someone please explain to me why its called a BUILDING if the shits already BUILT?? makes no fkn sense Getting Robbed in London And the pain still hasn't healed EXPLORING ABANDONED INSANE ASYLUM IN LONDON *DANGEROUS* So I flew all the way to London to break into an abandoned insane asylum and the video is ACTUALLY crazy...dont miss this one All I know how to do is make bangers almost just died trying to make this banger video in fucking London holy shit its LIT I just woke up so confused and then I realized I'm in London and its 1am, wtfs going on mate Why am i on a flight to London right now lmao whats going on I made a ping pong trickshot video and it came out really well!! CHECK IT OUT!! issa banger yo if two vegans are arguing, are they beefing.? or whats good there lmao Shit I think I might just have to wing it and fly to London tomorrow CLOUT HOUSE REACTS TO MY NEW TATTOO (ft. Banks, Alissa, RiceGum, Sommer Ray)  Mocking FaZe Banks.(PART 3)  TOMORROW ON FAZECLAN is our first episode of #FaZeCAST is going up! So excited make sure you guys check it out If apex where to smoke I wonder If he'd get high or medium... My camera piece is finally complete. Huge thanks to for killing it as always. I fkn love it! I really love making YouTube videos, you guys are awesome. Thank you for always showing love RAPPER GETS FACE TATTOO OVER LOSING A BET... *freakout* via I can't believe the Vegas situation is real, so fucking sad. Praying for everyone involved HIDE AND SEEK IN $10,000,000 MANSION *PART 5* via I love my cat he's the shit I'm at Cheesecake Factory waiting for my waiter to take my order and it got me thinking. lowkey im the waiter rn Life starts opening up when you do $5,000 CUSTOM FAZE YEEZYS!!  IM ALWAYS LIT WHATS UP MY Gs Steph got the president so butthurt he uninvited him to the white house when he already said no. lmao what a fkn G MY LITTLE SISTERS VISIT THE FAZE HOUSE!!  How did I get blessed with having the best group of friends, like for real if it wasn't for my bros i'd be lost af Some very special guests will be visiting the FaZe House tomorrow I'm in Arizona right doing getting some stuff done for my new house, i'll be back in Cali tomorrow and the videos will return then I hate doing adult stuff like for real im just trynna chill and play super smash bros FAZE ADAPT THE TYPE OF. #14  thank god I always keep a fire extinguisher on me ROMVN - Get The Check (Official Music Video) via I'm trynna be the first YouTuber to go to mars, anyone know where I can buy a rocketship EXLPORING AN ABANDONED GHOST TOWN (Chernobyl) via On my way back to Cali now, Ukraine was fun but im getting tf outta here. Thanks for all the love, vlog will be up Saturday 50,000 people used to live here, now its a FaZe Adapt video Oh god this is real getting on a bus and pulling up in Chernoble right now lets fkn do it my Gs im in poland i think idk whats going on right now just woke up and remembered I got a flight to Chernobyl in like an hour aw shit see you guys in 21 hours ALISSA VIOLET STOLE MY CAT. via My mom needs to understand that I'm really about it Day N Night 2017 I've been keeping something from you... via crowd surfed during performance HOLY SHIT FKN SEND IT Seeing Lil Uzi live tonight holy shit its fkn LIT You ever think about some shit that make you wonder if the shit that you thought you knew was really the shit in reality? or is that just me Quick life hack - if you're busy just iron you're clothes while you are wearing them its finess af These are facts I wish you could just record silence and then play it on loudspeakers on full blast to make the whole room quiet. I woke Roman up with a 30 FOOT PYTHON SNAKE LMAO SORRY BRO!! CHECKOUT THE VIDEO AND DROP A LIKE!! At the mall getting food & I saw some guy wearing a FaZe hat, hit him on the shoulder, told him he had a dope hat & he freaked. That was lit I BUILT MY KITTY A CRAZY MANSION!! CHECK OUT THE VIDEO ISSA BANGER!! Bruh when you buy a bigger bed you have more bed room, but less bedroom at the same time.shit got me tripping out I woke up and realized I have to bust a fkn mission to Ukraine and pull up in Chernobyl lmao its lit Just woke up. It's 2pm, my sleep schedule is completely fucked but its all good ima fix it later THIS IS MY BROTHER You won't believe this. Is anybody else woke af rn YOU'll GET OVER IT After floyd took the W I got hyped and somehow busted my head through chandelier, my bad bro.ima cash app you I KNOW ITS LATE BUT MY NEW VIDEO JUST WENT UP!! DARES IN TARGET!! BANGER ALERT .on some real shit who put the alphabet in alphabetical order how to make your postmate trip out Next NBA season about to be lit af NEW VIDEO IS UP!! I SWEAR IT's A BANGER, CHECK IT OUT!! catch us on the court and you might get crossed up How tf did trickshotting in my basement on Call of Duty lead to this.life is crazy My Thoughts on Jake Paul via Always gotta have your bros back Jake the This is some of the scummiest shit I've ever seen If you crash your car on purpose is it still an accident?? confused af rn. HIDE AND SEEK IN $10,000,000 MANSION *PART 3*  I'm GETTING A TATTOO TODAY SENDING MY BEST FRIEND TO TOKYO FOR A DAY *PRANK*  So i sent my bro to Tokyo by himself with a VLOG camera for a couple days LMAO SURPRISING MY ROOMMATE WITH HIS DREAM CAR! (LAMBORGHINI AVENTADOR)  my friends are assholes The key is to never get too comfortable CRAZY WHAT's IN THE BOX CHALLENGE!! (ft. FaZe Banks)  FaZe Adapt Tries to Take Care of a Cat...  My cat just hit 100k followers on Instagram.i'm so proud of him, he's grinding so hard. You really deserve this Barry I guess it's #InternationalCatDay so here's a pic of me and my G Barry THE NEW FAZE HOUSE PET!! ($3,000 KITTEN)  FAZE HOUSE KITTY ALERT CRAZY SPIDERWEB PRANK ON FAZE APEX  If only 2% is milk what is the other 98% lmao TF #FaZeAndTheFurious HIDE AND SEEK IN $10,000,000 MANSION *PART 2*  CUSTOM FAZE LOUIS VUITTON BAG!! ($5,000)  Treat everyone you meet as if they're having the roughest day of their life Happy Birthday LIL UZI VERT!! His song Mask Off truly changed my life, such a banger FAZE ADAPT THE TYPE OF. #13  HELIUM SONG LYRIC CHALLENGE!! (ft. Sommer Ray & FaZe Nikan)  Went to chipotle today and they had no case ideas smh CRAZY HIDE AND SEEK IN $10,000,000 MANSION  At one point in my life I thought mayo and mayonnaise were two different things LAMBORGHINI VS. NISSAN GTR RACE!  Why does everyone always want to hate someone they don't know? 24 HOURS OVERNIGHT IN A DOG CAGE *PAINFUL*  Hope you have an AMAZING day G's!! REACTING TO PUNK EDITS!! (feat. RiceGum, Alissa Violet, FaZe Banks)  What did you do tomorrow? THAT FART VIDEO OUT NOW!! DROP A LIKE AND SHOW IT SOME LOVE BROS!! THAT FART. TODAY. BE READY MY BEST VIDEO EVER...  The smartest thing about you is your name, Alexander Hamilton. That's all you got. - That Fart coming soon STAY LIT GOT IN A FIGHT WITH SECURITY *LIVE FOOTAGE*  Going to the Logic concert tonight, this is the 7th time I'm seeing him live and its LIT EVERYTIME LETS GET IT ELDERS REACT TO WHAT THE FART RIGHT NOW  THANK YOU FOR EVERYTHING.  4 MILLION SUBSCRIBERS! I can't believe it.thank you guys so much for always supporting me and making my dreams Gummy Food vs. Real Food Challenge! *EATING GIANT GUMMY FOOD*  if you drive a ford explorer and you're not a cop, wtf man. seriously come on 10,000 LAYERS OF SARAN WRAP ESCAPE CHALLENGE!!  HAPPY 4th OF JULY! Have a good day homies THE FAZE ADAPT RAP!  GUESS HER AGE CHALLENGE!! (IMPOSSIBLE)  INTERVIEWING MY LITTLE SISTER's BOYFRIEND...  Im about to interview my little sisters boyfriend .what are some questions I should ask this guy?? Congrats to my brother on hitting 5 MILLION SUBSCRIBERS. You the man. love you bro I just realized how close I am to 4 Million Subscribers I MET MY FAVORITE RAPPER! (LIL UZI VERT)  I was at Bank's house just chillin and I hear someone knocking on the door and its Lil Uzi Vert wtf lmao im tripping ROASTING THE CRINGIEST DOUCHE BAG AT VIDCON  Lets make an event for YouTubers, then kick them out when they show up lmao! - VidCon 2017 WE GOT KICKED OUT FROM VIDCON. *not clickbait*  VidCon kicked us out yesterday because we were too lit smh CREEPY GUY STANDS OUTSIDE FAZE HOUSE AT 1AM  FAZE ADAPT THE TYPE OF. #12  Tweet me Adapt The Type Of skits for my video today! Just finessed my and all my bros out of a submarine that was about to blow up. We lit rn FAZE HOUSE REACTS TO GTR LAUNCH!!  Happy birthday buddy, I love you apeinator!! REACTING TO MY SISTER's CRINGEY MUSICAL.LYS #5  SO HYPED FOR EDC THIS WEEKEND My first ever tatto, shoutout to for killing it. I love it MOM REACTS TO MY NEW TATTOO!! (FREAKOUT)  The Flash Returns to the FaZe House!  Guess what returns today THE NEW FAZE HOUSE PET!  faze house might be getting a pet kitty soon. YOU WON't BELIEVE WHAT I SAW.  Naps are lit af LOSER HAS TO JUMP IN THE POOL... (GREEN SLIME)  Ayesha Curry is in the stands right now composing a tweet about how the NBA is rigged I can guarantee it REACTING TO THE CRINGIEST RICH KID EVER!!  You guys showed so much love today thank you!! I seriously appreciate it so much, you guys are the best. Today was lit How To GET DRUNK without ALCOHOL! *99% WORKS*  Oh shit its my birthday doe!! Thanks for all the birthday wishes & kind tweets I love you guys!! LETS FKN SEND IT Shoutout to my man go drop him a follow for me! SMOKE BOMB PRANK ON SLEEPING ROOMMATE! (HILARIOUS)  CRAZY BASKETBALL TRICKSHOTS!! *INSANE*  I think it's time to run up the numbers I'm not gonna be a teenager anymore in 4 days, of shayte that's pretty lit FAZE HOUSE NERF WAR!! *INSANE*  ILLCAMS 50 IS OUT WHAT Just realized I broke 700,000,000 total views on my channel THATS INSANE, thank you for continuing to watching my videos, love you guys HAPPY BIRTHDAY NORDAN!! I love you bro Been feeling so sick all morning, don't think I'm gonna get a video up today.sorry bros Who's awake doe? SURPRISING MY ROOMMATE WITH A PET SLOTH!!  I had a sloth come to the FaZe House today to surprise Lucas and his reaction was HILARIOUS, can't wait for you all to see it :) My little sister graduates high school today crazy how fast time goes by REACTING TO NEAR DEATH EXPERIENCES...(CRAZY)  What video do you guys wanna see today? The Flash got me shook MY LITTLE SISTER REACTS TO GTR LAUNCH!!  TRAMPOLINE SUMO 1V1 CHALLENGE *HILARIOUS*  I hope you have a LIT day!! $1 WATER VS $70 WATER!! (CHALLENGE)  we will see them lighter MY NEW CAR! *REVEAL*  BREAKING INTO ABANDONED MALL...(SCARY!)  hey apex whats the weather like down there little guy FAZE CLANS FIRST EVER VICTORY!!  Mocking FaZe Banks...(PART 2)  Finally made part 2 to Mocking FaZe Banks, it came out so goodcan't wait for you guys to see it Just woke up to a bucket of water being dumped on me faze house is sick SURPRISING MY FRIEND WITH $500 SHOES!!  Happy Mothers day to all the mom out there watching my videos, you guys show mad love.and to my Mom :) Love you MOMMA BABY POWDER IN HAIR DRYER PRANK!!  When I was in high school my Kill Death ratio was higher than my GPA TRY TO GUESS THE RAP SONG!! (IMPOSSIBLE CHALLENGE)  MY FIRST TRICKSHOT IN 2017!! (CRAZY)  Thinking about making a Call Of Duty video today.it's been a minute REACTING TO RICH KIDS SNAPCHATS! #3 (SO CRINGY)  I miss my car :( DON't TRY THIS AT HOME!! (VERY DANGEROUS)  Shoutout to all the fans I met at the Logic show on Kimmel today, you're all awesome Life is good SOMEONE ACTUALLY DID THIS.  LOGIC SURPRISED ME!!  YES CRAZY STICKY NOTE PRANK ON AUDI R8!!  So I pranked Nordan and completely covered his R8 with sticky notes his reaction is soo funny, video going up soon! WE KICKED HIM FROM FAZE.  HOW WELL DO I KNOW MY ROOMMATES.  Funniest comment I read all day: you should visit your abandoned xbox LMAo VISITING AN ABANDONED HOSPITAL.  Logic's album comes out on FRIDAY!! SO HYPED BRUH FAZE ADAPT THE TYPE OF.#11  Thinking about exploring this abandoned hospital near me.what do you guys think? CRAZY SLAM DUNK CONTEST!!  MASSIVE SNAKE IN THE FAZE HOUSE!!  Fuck a gold chain, I got my boy BACK TO THE FAZE HOUSE SKRt I WALKED IN ON MY ROOMMATE.  I personally think falling down the stairs is a way more efficient way to get to the bottom then walking down, but that's just me made a really awesome video last night. came home to edit it and all the files were missing of my SD card. hate my life going to bed I WROTE THIS TO MYSELF 6 YEARS AGO...  What video do I make today?? I might just have to fuck around and get a pet zebra REACTING TO MY SISTERS CRINGY MUSICAL.LYS #4  4/20 is actually so lit IF YOU RAP YOU LOSE!! (IMPOSSIBLE CHALLENGE)  Nothing pisses me off more than when I get in the shower and the water is fuckin wet.mad annoying Headed back to Arizona :) So excited to see my family and friends its been a MINUTE MY SHOE COLLECTION!!  I Messed Up.  REACTING TO RICH KIDS SNAPCHATS! #2 (CRINGE)  NEW KENDRICK TONIGHT LETS GO RICEGUM VISITS THE NEW FAZE HOUSE!!  1v1'd today, who you think took the W? Sorry for no videos the past few days, I haven't been feeling wellthe videos will be back soon. FAZE UP BABy I PUT JAKE PAULS HOUSE UP FOR SALE!! (REVENGE)  big fan of memes BACKYARD BASKETBALL TRICKSHOTS!!  Today I learned that after u knock u should wait for your roommate to respond before you open. cause u might see some shit ur not tryna see PRANKING ALL MY ROOMMATES!! (APRIL FOOLS)  Happy April fools day bros, go get some good trolls in there today HAND IN GARBAGE DISPOSAL *WARNING*  What video do you guys wanna see today? TRAMPOLINE WITH 500+ TOILET PAPER ROLLS!!  The audio glitched in my video today, if you turn it down really low it sounds normal. Sorry about that guys FAZE HOUSE REACTS TO LEAKED CALL OF DUTY...  THE NEW SPIDERMAN LOOKS SO FKN DOPe wait i made a song about farts nvm its cool cant leaved my computer unlocked at the faze house or my roomates will continue to post tweets about farts smh so immature FAZE HOUSE ARM WRESTLING CHALLENGE #2  How we kill mosquitos at the FaZe House MY NEW GIRLFRIEND.  Devin Booker dropped 70 Points and he is 20 that's actually insane REACTING TO RICH KIDS SNAPCHATS! (CRINGE) ADDING MODS TO MY GTR! (SPEED HACK!)  faze house is sick I'm so bored that it physically pains me MY LAST DAY OF HIGH SCHOOL! (CRAZY!)  BUILDING AN INDOOR TOILET PAPER FORT! (500+ ROLLS!!)  This is Epic.  Who's up?? More Life HAPPY SAINT PATRICKS DAY!! WEAR GREEN OR YOU GETTING LIT UP SHE THINKS SHE JOINED FAZE...  Instead of posting pictures on Instagram I think I'm gonna start posting them on google images. what you guys think? FaZe HOUSE Get Out CHALLENGE!  I LOVE CALIFORNIA We like that TOOTHPASTE IN OREOS PRANK!  I wasn't kidding...  Been having so much fun in Hawaii but its time to head back to the FaZe House cya lighter Hawaii Hawaii VAPE LORD NORD SAVES US.  gonna fly over to hawaii because im hella bored FAZE HOUSE LA BURGLAR...  Made a sequel to the FaZe House burglar skit but in the new house and it came out so good! Can't wait for you guys to see it HE PLAYED MY VIDEOS IN WALMART (KICKED OUT)  Get Out is one of the best movies I've seen in awhilee. 10/10 Fighting My School Bully...  Alright guys what YouTube video am I making today.? FAZE HOUSE HANDSHAKES #2...  FAZE HOUSE CROSSBOW CHALLENGE!  Got an awesome FaZe House challenge video going up today :) FAZE CLANS MOST INTENSE GAME YET...  There was a massive mosquito way up on the wall so I grabbed my nerf bow and arrow and absolutely decimated that pussy HAPPY 14th BIRTHDAY TO MY LITTLE SISTER MILAN!! I GOT ANOTHER GTR!!  My video glitched didn't even realize till now, gonna re-upload it very soon sorry guys :( CALL OF DUTY IN REAL LIFE...  Gonna go cop some nerf guns and blast my rommates cuz im bored 30 right to apexs face F.A.Z.E. BASKETBALL TRICKSHOTS!!  damn son where'd you find this... DRINKING A FULL WATER BOTTLE IN 1.9 SECONDS!  FAZE ADAPT THE TYPE OF.#10  Adapt the type of. ? decided to post a new tweet for you guys BEST FRIENDS VISIT THE FAZE HOUSE!  LEAKED FOOTAGE OF FAZE CLAN...  How they found out.  A random kid walked by me today and literally just said apex is short and keep walking, kids are savages these days I WENT BACK TO MY OLD HIGH SCHOOL...  Just went back to my old high school and talked to some video production classes about YouTube, shoutout to all the cool kids I got to meet! Who's responsible for this?? Hope you all have a good valentines day CALLING IN SICK TO PLACES WE DON't WORK AT #2.  Whos really awake tho I HIT THE GAME WINNER...(LAST SECOND SHOT)  i might have just hit a 3 at the buzzer to win our basketball game today idk watch my video tomorrow!! HE LEAKED MY PHONE NUMBER.  What video you guys wanna see today? Woke up to 3.5 Million Subscribers :) Thats awesome!! Thank you guys so much WTF IS THIS GAME Lady Gaga is really tripping me out rn THIS SHOULD NOT BE ON YOUTUBE...(CRINGE WARNING)  5 years later.lmao Today I played #Sniper3 and showed you how to be a beast. Check it out #ad This Big sean album is NUTSdo yourself a favor and listen to it. #IDecided REACTING TO MY SISTERS CRINGY MUSICAL.LYS #3  EXPLORING THE ABANDONED MANSION...  Explored the abandoned mansion the other night video going up soon! GOING TO A HAUNTED MANSION AT 1AM...  R.I.P. to my dude Skrt About to go explore a haunted/abandoned mansion with my bro typical saturday night Started of my morning tumbling down the fkn stairs, im going back to bed gonna try again tomorrow OUR CLOSEST GAME YET! (FAZE BASKETBALL HIGHLIGHTS)  FaZe Clan basketball highlights video today NISSAN GTR VS RANGE ROVER RACE!  Apex is literally as tall as a pool stick wutt 5 SECOND CHALLENGE!!  don't try to litter while driving bcuz that lemonade that you try to throw out the car will miss the window & explode all over the fkn place Holding a 20 FOOT SNAKE...  Whats up with all this rain in california? it literally pours everyday FAZE HOUSE PARANOID CHALLENGE!  FAZE CLAN BASKETBALL HIGHLIGHTS!  who's sleeping rn I CAUGHT HIM STEALING MONEY FROM ME!  Here's a new tweet for you guys, put a lot of thought into this one REACTING TO MY ROOMMATES OLD VIDEOS...  CALLING IN SICK TO PLACES WE DONT WORK AT  TRAPPING ROOMMATE IN ROOM PRANK  What kinda of FaZe House video do you guys wanna see today? How mozzarella sticks always be so cheesy and delicious FAZE CLANS FIRST EVER BASKETBALL GAME!  So me and some of the FaZe guys had our first game of our basketball season yesterday, you guys wanna see the full TEACHER PLAYS MY VIDEO IN CLASS...  Tweeter 100% ACCURACY PING PONG TRICKSHOT HACK  FAZE HOUSE ARM WRESTLING CHALLENGE  Well.  Got a very interesting video going up PRANK GONE HORRIBLY WRONG.  Making a Q&A with my bro tweet us some original questions/skits to get in the video! #AskAdapt SURPRISING FAZE APEX!  My first encounter with the new FaZe House pet HUGE DOLLAR STORE GIFT UNBOXING.  I don't blame 2016 for being a shitty year, I blame Barry Allen for fucking up the timeline smh THE MOST EPIC GAMMA TOWER EVER...  Who's awake? FIRST PRANK AT THE NEW FAZE HOUSE!  HE GOT KICKED FROM FAZE...  LAST DAY OF 2016 MAKE IT COUNT BROS IT's FINALLY HERE!  Road tripped all the way from AZ back to the FaZe House today :) videos will return tomorrow! THE ULTIMATE FAZE CLAN TRIVIA  This Cavs vs Warriors game is so INTENSE. GOD DAMN. MERRY CHRYSLErR!! ITS BEEN A WHILE.  Just watched ant crawl right out of my subway as I was eating it might vomit THE WORST ROOMMATE EVER.  What video should I make today? REACTING TO MY HORRIBLE OLD TWEETS...  i wanna know what exactly was going through my head when I posted this tweet FAZE ADAPT THE TYPE OF.#9  THIS HOUSE IS CRAZY!!  The FaZe House LA tour is finally about to go up :) LETS GO BOY FaZe House LA - Adapt  SO EXCITED TO MAKE YOUTUBE VIDEOS AGAIN #FaZeHouseLA My uber driver is talking to me about how Pewdiepie is closing his channel im so confused SCARING FAZE ADAPT!! (ANIMATED)  Why do bad things always gotta happen to good people PSYCHO FAN ATTACKS FAZE ADAPT PRANK!!  FAZE ADAPT vs TRASH TALKERS.  I miss living with all my homies BASKETBALL SHOCK COLLAR 1v1.  So me and Moe put dog shock collars on and played a basketball 1v1 while our friends shocked the shit out of us.video will be up later SO I GOT PULLED OVER.  An Awkward Time to Hit a Clip.#14  Adapt The Type Of __ Catch me breaking ankles in new commercial I got lost on top of a mountain yesterday MY MOM REACTS TO THE GTR.  Just gave my mom a ride in the GTR and she was freaking out the whole time I recorded her reaction too It'll be up soon MY NEW CAR - 2017 NISSAN GTR  ITS OFFICIAL!! skrt skrt Finally getting my new car tomorrow Shoutout to my man Damion who I just met at Panda Express, great kid REAL LIFE TRICKSHOT GONE WRONG!!  What video should I make? I'm thankful for my family, friends, and all of YOU! Happy thanksgiving G's Just sprained my ankle IF FAZE CLAN ENDED...  I'm making a Q&A w/ TODAY! Ask us some original questions involving skits and stuff like that! #AskAdapt I AM SO BORED EXTREME BOX JUMP CHALLENGE! (27 BOXES!!)  I can't go to Boston for Sensi's fight tomorrow because I'm too sick to travel, and thats the reason I flew back to NY why cant i sleep? SH*T FAZE MEMBERS SAY.  STRESSED I'm so glad I learned about the pythagorean theorem in school because it comes in handy every single day of my life IMPOSSIBLE BASKETBALL TRICKSHOTS!!  Heres a new tweet for you guys. WHEN MAKING A BASKETBALL VIDEO GOES WRONG...  REACTING TO MY SISTERS CRINGY MUSICAL.LYS #2  Peace out Barack Obama Should I make a video with my little sister? it's been a minute Lil Uzi Vert is such a G About to pass out on my flight back to Arizona, have a goodnight homies I see my man putting in work for PHX, keep crushing it I WAS INSIDE THE MOSH PIT.  Seeing Kid Cudi & Travis Scott later tonight -- its gunna be soo dope Q&A WITH FAZE BANKS!  I just met Shane Dawson walking on the street in LA thats so fkn dope I bought a dope ass Pablo shirt at the Kanye concert last night then I left the dope ass shirt in my uber isn't that wonderful Seeing Kanye West, Desiigner, ScHoolboy Q, and Joey Badass tonight IM SO EXCITED!! I came all the way to the gym with the wrong headphones, god dammit apple why'd you take away the aux I can't wait to move to california HOW TO DO THE JOKER MAKEUP...  Yesterday I dressed up as The Joker for halloween and vlogged the whole thing, so I guess I got a makeup tutorial going up today? lol HAPPY HALLOWeN chillen with my man Barack Obama FAZE CLAN REUNITES IN LA!  Look what the rat dragged in... Woke up in the hills this morning Leaving the FaZe House in NY for the last time gonna miss this place I'm gonna miss this...  So excited to go to Cali tomorrow Sorry guys no video today, I've had the flu the last few days but I'll have a video out by at LEAST 2017 when I make a full recovery Shoutout to my mom, she's pretty dope Its almost 5am and i'm wide awake in NYC, this is why my sleep schedule is FUCKED THE SCARIEST VIDEO ON YOUTUBE.  Yo I should get Michael Jordan's jersey tattoo'd on my body - Nordan Shat I really gotta start going to sleep at a reasonable time An Awkward Time to Hit a Clip.#13  Happy Birthday Marshall Mathers, the greatest rapper to ever exist. Going to 7/11 at 4am for some chocolate cake is one of the best decisions I have ever made KICKING RUG FROM FAZE.  What video do you guys wanna see today? IT's STILL ALIVE...  I'm making a Q&A with my bro tweet us some funny skits/original questions to be in the vid! #AskAdapt I lost my iPhone last night when I was out and I have no fucking clue where it could be I'm freaking out. HELP. is this even possible.  THE ONLY DIRECTION IS FORWARD FaZe Rug visits the FaZe House...  I got a hilarious FaZe House skit going up later today ft. my boy don't miss this one Who's awake? MY BEST CALL OF DUTY TRICKSHOT OF ALL TIME (WTF)  Hopped on MW2 for the first time in a few months and hit a fucking crane shot, I LOVE THIS GAME. PICKING UP GIRLS WITH STREETBALL MOVES  I think im about to upload a youtube video THE CREEPIEST CLOWN VIDEOS CAUGHT ON CAMERA  When your phone slips out of your pocket as your getting into a massive truck and the screen completely shatters The Flash vs AUDI R8...  Just raced Nordans Audi R8 on foot and that fool got SMOKED, I am the fastest man alive. I PUNCHED A CLOWN IN THE FACE...  FLASH SEASON 3 TODAY IM SO EXCITED VISITING AN ABANDONED HOTEL RESORT...  Just explored an entire abandoned hotel with some homies, don't miss the video later today So theres these crazy murderous clowns creeping around Long Island...lucky for me I got my boy Blaziken ready to push em. I ain't worried. F.A.Z.E. PING PONG TRICKSHOTS!!  Waking up to news like this is so fucking sad man #RIPPHIZZURP My thought are with his family and friends. Who's awake? THE SECRET LIFE OF FAZE ADAPT...  I'm trying something new with my video today, let me know what you guys think FAZE ADAPT THE TYPE OF.#8  Back to the FaZe House I HIT A TRICKSHOT FOR FAZE APEX  When I start to get sad or feel down I just think about how much shittier my life would be if I was as short as Apex, give thanks Meet my mom...  Should I make a video with my mom? The WORST Day of my life  RISE AND SHINE Wishing things would've ended differently You need to hear this  I appreciate all the love, thanks homies Why we broke up  Making a Q&A ask some funny original question if you want to be in the video! use the hashtag #AskAdapt Can't wait for The Flash to come back in 2 weeks OUR HOUSE IS HAUNTED...  Abyone still awake? LITTLE KID THREATENS FAZE ADAPT...  NEW MAC MILLER ALBUM IS The MOST DIFFICULT QUESTION IN THE WORLD.  3 Million Subscribers  Just finished editing my 3 Million Subscriber video, I'm so happy with the way it came out. It'll be up soon! Thanks again to everyone I JUST HIT 3 MILLION SUBSCRIBERS! THATS RIDICULOUS THANK YOU GUYS SO MUCH FOR EVERYTHING &lt;3 I LOVE YOU ALL I just kinda hiked up a fucking mountain, that shit was dope F.A.Z.E. BASKETBALL TRICKSHOTS!  Don't miss today's video :) Getting so close to 3 Million Subscribers I MAKE HOW MUCH MONEY.?  No such thing as a life better than yours I am about to eat some cinnamon pancakes, really looking forward to this one REACTING TO MY SISTERS CRINGY MUSICAL.LYS  Shoutout to my mans Austin at Einsteins for hooking it up with free bagels, you the homie I have been drugged  #ThrowbackThursday We predicted this. RISE AND SHINE BITCHES I wish Michael Scott was a real person The FaZeClan iPhone Reveal.  I get my Altima back today Video ideas go Unbroken - Motivational Video via Seeing Drake and Future live tonight I brought a neck pillow to the airport and then left it in the uber. Then I bought one at the airport and left it on my flight. fml. I just realized we broke over 500,000,000 Million total video views.thats a LOT OF FKN VIEWS. Thank you to everyone for watching :) HOW TO CAPTION INSTAGRAM PICTURES...  I just made a pretty cool video I want chocolate cake THE MOST TRICKSHOTS YOU've EVER SEEN...  He Texted THAT to his Girlfriend...  What video do you guys wanna see today? MY ROOM IS FILLED WITH SMOKE.  I'm less than 50k subscribers away from 3 Million.it's coming soon I GOT A SURPRISE PACKAGE...  Time Square I've been watching Netflix for 6 straight hours and now my TV shows almost over and I don't know what to do with my life REAL LIFE AWKWARD TIME TO HIT A CLIP ...  I'm in the mood to tweet out something inspirational but honestly I got nothing. Maybe next year guys CREEPY GUY STANDS OUTSIDE FAZE HOUSE - REAL OR FAKE?  So I just experienced a real life awkward time to hit a clip while playing bo2 and let me tell you it was pretty awkward THIS GOT ME INTO FAZE CLAN...  I had a conversation for an hour today in my Uber with a 60 year old asian man about Eminem and his whole life story, it was pretty lit I haven't played Black Ops 2 all year, should I make a bo2 video today? I literally went to NYC at midnight and I'm still awake just having a great time, I love the city. I'm IN A RAPPERS MUSIC VIDEO...  Catch me in my boy music video for his new album As Seen on The Internet I just dunked a basketball for the first time ever, I'm hella hyped rn DO NOT TRY THIS AT HOME.*WARNING*  I just realized I moved into the FaZe House a year ago today Birthday boy #23 Happy Birthday to the FaZe Dad CREEPY GUY STANDS OUTSIDE FAZE HOUSE AT 1AM  I love FaZe and our fans, you guys are amazing #FaZeUp The last two times I went to the abandoned Insane asylum it was at night so I'm gonna go check it out in the daytime to see whats popping Im sorry to everyone who just started going back to school, it'll be ok ricardo Making a Q&A today! Ask me original questions/little skits with the hashtag #AskAdapt Left FaZe, Joined Frat  IT's A NEW DAY JESUS CHRIST...  I'ma get some cheese triangles, lets go boy MY MOM FOUND A SNAKE IN MY LAUNDRY...  No video today, sorry guys :( I just don't feel well right now but i'll be back at it at the FaZe house tomorrow morning. THIS IS ACTUALLY REAL.  I wish I was in Detroit at the concert when Drake brought out Eminem, I would've been soo HYPED FAZE ADAPT vs NADESHOT...  About to 1v1 who you got your money on? WHITE BOYS CAN't JUMP   Sausage Party is the trippest thing I've ever watched MY BRAND NEW CAR.  I haven't had internet in my house for 3 straight days and I won't until Monday. Gotta love that shit, makes being a YouTuber so much easier EXPLORING AN ABANDONED HORSE TRACK...  Thanks for all the love homies, I appreciate you I got in a car accident  I just got recognized at a red light by a fan lmao its lit READING MY GIRLFRIENDS INSTAGRAM COMMENTS...  I can't wait to get a new car What video do you guys wanna see today? HE WAS KICKED FROM FAZE...  Probably won't have a video up today because I have no internet at my house thanks to YOU GUYS FKN SUCK A Message to FaZe Rugs Mother  THE SECRET TO HITTING TRICKSHOTS...  Missed my flight home god dammit, I stay sleeping through all my alarms Shoutout to the late nighters In case you missed Sensi's knockout yesterday here it is. HE KNOCKED HIM OUT.  Just witnessed my boy knock someone out cold in the ring. That was dope CRAZY WATER BOTTLE TRICKSHOTS!  The FaZe Fan meet up in New Hampshire was a huge success! Thanks to everyone who came out I just signed someones Yeezys lmao McDonalds breakfast is so clutch WHAT THE HELL IS THIS.  The support on my videos recently has been crazy, thanks for always showing love guys &lt;3 If Eminem dropped a Drake diss the internet would break RICEGUM VISITS THE FAZE HOUSE  FAZE ADAPT THE TYPE OF.#7  Im making an Adapt the Type Of video today! Tweet me Type Of skits for the vid!! LOOK AT THIS.  I got recognized as FaZe Apex twice this weekend, i'm not as short as that little fucker. the fuck? How is summer almost over.time has been flying Any late nighters out there? Canada is awesome, shoutout to all the Canadians out there SCRAPYARD IN REAL LIFE.  Nikan just got kicked off a ride because he's too big lol poor guy OMG I FOUND A NEW GLITCH ON MW2 TO GET ON THE PLANE On my way to see Wiz and Snoop live GOOGLING MY LITTLE SISTER...  I waited 18 years to vote for Hilary Clinton or Donald Trump, thats some bullshit About to fly to Canada to go chill with my homies, cya guys there Thanks for 2.7 Million subscribers :) Gonna be hitting 3 Million pretty soon. WE FOUND AN ABANDONED AIRPLANE...  I'm literally on Scrapyard from MW2 right now Just wanna give a quick thanks to whoever invented bagels, they seriously so fire THE DAY MY LIFE CHANGED FOREVER...  I think we can all agree faze apex is so sick The Flash at the FaZe House...  Flying back to Arizona from Florida right now, have a good rest of the day people:) Don't you just love it when the sun burns you to a crisp 13 YEAR OLD TRIES TO JOIN FAZE...  Just went on a boat for the first time, I was a little scared because on the Titanic that shit sunk and a lot of ppl died but we good I CANT WAIT FOR THE FLASH TO COME BACK ON TV An Awkward Time to Hit a Clip.#12  I drew a FaZe logo on the beach yesterday, pretty sick right? EXPLORING AN ABANDONED HOSPITAL.  Had to take down my video today because YouTube is broken and nobody could watch it, I'll reupload it tomorrow I'm sorry homies I got all my videos done for the next few days because I'm going to Florida to hangout w Adrianna and her fam, lets go boy Who's awake? Should I go explore this abandoned haunted hospital way out in the woods with my bros? it could be pretty fun HOW TO JOIN FAZE.  Just made another Flash video can't wait for you guys to see it in a few days:) THERE's A BEE HIVE IN OUR HOUSE...  Nikan just found a bee hive upstairs in the FaZe House, I'm moving out. Pce VAPE LORD NORD SAVES MY LIFE...  I can't wait to move to California My sleep schedule is officially fucked FAZE ADAPT vs SHIT TALKERS...  ROAD TRIP Our Uber driver just stole In N Out LMAO. FAZE HOUSE BURGLAR...  Today's gonna be an awesome day because I'm uploading one of my favorite skits i've ever made, I can't wait for you guys to see this! Woke up in California Anyone awake? BRUHH Going to California tomorrow with my bros so its time to grind out some videos, lets get it Gs IT's HAPPENING AGAIN...  This fly was flying around my room thinking hes some shit until I zapped his ass, now he's dead. Lil bitch ass. Seeing Schoolboy Q live tonight w lets go FAZE CLAN BASKETBALL TRICKSHOTS  STINKER (I have a really dope basketball trickshots video going up later!) I FUCKING HATE BUGS IS THIS A REAL QUESTION.  I got some new Yezzys THE ANNOYING ROOMATE  Blaziken is going to bed at 7pm, I'm starting to think he really is a sloth IT's JUST A PRANK BRO. via What video you guys trynna see today? Just woke up at 4am to go to the bathroom and on top of the toilet I saw a massive fucking spider, yup I'm outta here for sure CRAZY PING PONG TRICKSHOTS! (Parody)  FAZE ADAPT THE TYPE OF.#6  Last month was my most viewed month on YouTube ever! we broke over 40 Million views.THAT's INSANE. Thanks for watching guys :) Just successful built a fire pit with Adrianna, feeling pretty accomplished right now. FaZe Adapt vs FaZe Temper KD going to the Warriors.game over DID I ACTUALLY SAY THIS.  It was awesome to finally meet the homie come through again soon G Heres a new tweet for you guys. SOMEONE SENT US BOMBS.  Adrianna visits the FaZe House. via Boys do it better Make sure you go check out in theaters 7/8! #mikeanddave #ad HEY LOGIC JUST DROPPED AN ALBUM LETS GO, I'm GONNA BUMP THIS WHOLE THING ON MY FLIGHT IM HYPED Me and Adrianna leave for the FaZe House tonight! I'm so excited!! When you type in crazy white people on YouTube Im the first thing that comes up, not sure how I feel about that... SHES COMING TO THE FAZE HOUSE! FAZE ADAPT BASKETBALL COMPILATION! #ThrowbackThursday Sorry Doug. SO I GOT A GIFT FROM YOUTUBE. I literally just took a shower and came out to my car for two minutes and I'm sweating like I Just ran 5 miles, thanks Arizona! Allen Iverson was such a boss I made it into the YouTube yearbook for hitting 1 million subscribers in 2015, that's pretty dope! I just got a package from YouTube.I wonder what this could be Making a Q&A with Adrianna! Tweet us original question that involve skits and stuff like that! #AskAdapt Flying back home to Arizona today :) I remember the day I hit 1,000 followers and I thought I was cool as shit now I have 1,000,000 and I'm still a fucking dork I just hit 1 Million Twitter Followers!! Hell yeah Hey what kind of FaZe Adapt video do you guys wanna see today? FAZE HOUSE WATER BALLOON PRANK!  I just a taught a mom how to FaZe Up I am the FaZe House bowling champion. THE NEWEST FAZE HOUSE MEMBER.  CRAZY PING PONG TRICKSHOTS!  REACTING TO MY YOUTUBE COMMENTS.  I'm really creeping up on 1 Million Twitter followers. That was the craziest game I've ever seen We're about to witness basketball history RANDOM GIRL COMES TO FAZE HOUSE AT 2AM  Happy Dad Day Grinding videos at 2am, who else is up? something weirds happening.  I just made one of my coolest videos ever FAZE CLAN IMPERSONATIONS.  Anyone remember my FaZe Impersonations video from over 2 years ago? Well I made a part 2 today and it's gonna up in a little bit :) Now we wait for Game 7 What video do you guys wanna see today? GUESS THAT YOUTUBER CHALLENGE!!  I just hit 2.5 Million Subscribers on YouTube, that's insane! Thanks for all the continued supports on my videos, I love you all! My boy Nord chillen so hard in this tripod The comment section on my Instagram is filled with only one word fart interesting. LITTLE KID TALKS SHIT TO FAZE CLAN #2  Damn I almost have 1,000 total videos uploaded on my channel Logic's new song CAN YOU BELIEVE THIS.  Roast Yourself Challenge (FaZe Adapt Diss Track)  I have accepted the roast yourself challenge. It's before 9AM and I'm awake, I can't believe my thighs this is a miracle I WON $60,000 DOLLARS!!  Some kid just walked up to me when I was out eating and said You're FaZe Apex right? and I just played along with it lol An Awkward Time to Hit a Clip.#11  Spending the night in NYC then headed to LA for Anaheim tomorrow morning, am i gonna see any of you guys there? REACTING TO MY GIRLFRIENDS INSTAGRAM COMMENTS #2  The FaZe House recently got infested with about 300 flies so for the past two days I've just been zapping the shit out of these little guys THE FAZE ADAPT SONG.  My name is FaZe Adapt and I'm the fastest man alive FAZE ADAPT THE TYPE OF.#5  I'm back at the FaZe House! What video do you guys wanna see today? Flying back to the FaZe House on the red eye, have a goodnight homies IT's MY BIRTHDAY!!  I had such an amazing birthday yesterday, thanks again for all the birthday wishes guys! Got a vlog of the whole day going up later too HOW WELL DO I KNOW MY LITTLE SISTER?  I'm making a vlog right now, if you wanna be in it just like or reply to this tweet. hell yeah I'm officially 19 thank you for all the birthday wishes! It means a lot, you guys are the best :) I almost got stung by a bee for the first time ever today, to bad the little bitch drowned trying to sting me. Fucking pussy. SOMEONE SERIOUSLY DID THIS.  I turn 19 tomorrow #RIPMuhammadAli skurt skirt VIDEOS GONE WRONG #3  CRAZY DUNK CONTEST!!  I've literally been playing basketball all day lmao LITTLE KID TALKS SHIT TO FAZE CLAN.  My phone was like this for 20 minutes, this is what happens when you live in Arizona Warriors are going to the finals I actually can't wait to watch game 7 tonight FAVORITE MOMENTS AT THE FAZE HOUSE! #2  I love FaZeClan and I love our supporters. You guys are amazing & without you none of us would be where we are today, thank you #FaZeUp 6 years ago was created. #FaZeUp Get comfortable with being uncomfortable SHE GRADUATED!!  The new X Men is soo dope THIS GAME IS SO CRAZY WHEN YOU ASK FOR VIDEO IDEAS.  What video should I make? HOW TO FAZE UP.  SICK BASKETBALL TRICKSHOTS! (ft. Futuristic)  Made a dope basketball trickshots vid last night with checkout the video on my channel later today! The Flash is definitely the best show on TV right now EPIC CROSSBAR CHALLENGE!!  Who's awake? I just ran through target as fast as I can in a full on Flash costume, this is my life. YOU WONT BELIEVE THIS.  Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will I HAD TO KEEP THIS A SECRET.  #FaZeUp in Mexico A little kid came up to me on the beach and said What The Fart Right Now is his favorite song, I feel so honored No video today sorry guys! But I'm leaving Mexico today and going back home so the uploads will return tomorrow :) Mexico is actually so dope, I was jet sking and looked to my left and a dolphin was just chillen there MY MONTAGE IS UP!! I hope you guys all enjoy it! HUGE Shoutout to for doing such a good job on the edit, go show him some love!! Best of FaZe Adapt - 2 Million Subscribers Montage My 2 Million Subscribers montage is going up in 30 minutes... who's excited?! My 2 Million Subscriber Best of Montage goes up today!! I seriously can't wait for you guys to see it :) I AM LEAVING THE COUNTRY.  Going to Mexico for the weekend RISE AND SHINE Came back home to 100+ degree weather, thanks Arizona After living with Apex for over a year you'd think things change but hes still short af Addicted to Super Smash Bros | My Strange Addiction via Just missed my flight because my Uber driver doesn't know how to follow a GPS VIDEO IDEAS GO Spent the night in NYC last night and actually had so much fun! I definitely gotta start going into the city more its so sick at night CALL OF DUTY IN REAL LIFE!!  PRANK ON ROOMMATE BACKFIRES.  Might not have a video up today, I'm really sick and don't feel good at all. Sorry guys THIS IS CRAZY.  THERE IS NO WAY.  I just hydroplaned going down a turnpike for like 5 straight seconds, I legit thought I was about to flip over in the faze mobile It's 3:39PM and I've done absolutely nothing with my day so far An Awkward Time to Hit a Clip.#10  Todays Awkward Time to Hit a Clip is a good one, don't miss it :) I'm so glad the weather hasn't been complete ass recently its starting to actually feel like summer time now FAZE HOUSE PLAYS SUPER SMASH BROS  Hitting one million followers on Twitter is gonna be so sick, im hyped for it You guys wanna see a FaZe House Super Smash Bros video? CAUGHT FAKING CLIPS.  Just witnessed apex almost pass out from eating a spicy ass hot wing lmao, poor little guy VISITING AN ABANDONED INSANE ASYLUM...(PART 2)  When the homie at Burger King hooks it up with free oreo milkshakes you know you made it About to explore some underground tunnels at the abandoned insane asylum, just another typical Sunday night... YOU WON't BELIEVE THIS...  Apparentely that insane asylum I went to a few weeks back has underground tunnels connecting everything, should I go back and check it out? I've been trying to make a bagel for the past 6 hours and its just not working out for me LOOK WHAT SHE SHOWED US.  FAZE ADAPT THE TYPE OF.#4  It's always a late night I'm driving all the way down to some random game store to go get a game cube and smash bros FAN CALLS ME OUT.  When you disrespect the person who put you in the spot you are today then you're just straight evil Since I'm back at the FaZe House that means I'm back on that mw2 grind.stinkers incoming SOMEONE REALLY SENT ME THIS.  Just did some hardcore really hardcore grocery shopping About to pass out on my flight back to NY, have a goodnight homies I always hate coming home and getting used to being here then having to say goodbye to everyone again WORST FAN EXPERIENCE EVER.  I just realized I hit 900K followers! That's insane, thanks guys!! 1M Next making a Q&A with ask us some questions that involve skits or that we haven't answered before! #AskAdapt That awkward moment when you meet a fan and say bye then walk in the same direction for 5 minutes FAZE MEMBER CAUGHT HACKING...  HOW WELL DO I KNOW MY GIRLFRIEND?  Prom Round 2 BEFORE I WAS FAMOUS   MY CAMERA ACTUALLY BROKE...  Last night I dropped my G7X and the lens broke :( R.I.P 2015-2016 DRAKE IS KING Damn my girlfriend is really fucking hot Been having a lot of fun with YouTube the past month, I'm glad you guys have been enjoying the vids ANGRY PARENT CONFRONTS FAZE ADAPT  Drakes album drops tonight... WE MADE IT sup guys adept here A dad just came up to me in the gym and said Are you the reason my son spins in a video game for 4 hours a day LMAO. Just bought my 64th pair of Apple headphones, lets see how long until these ones go missing I can't wait for you guys to see me 2 Million subscribers montage, I just got another preview and its fucking SICK. YES. AMAZING BASKETBALL TRICKSHOTS!!  FAZE UP BABY Up late editing some videos, anyone awake? Feels so good to be back home, today was dope SOMEONE ACTUALLY DID THIS.  I'm playing Super Mario Smash Bros right now for the first time in like 10 years, this game really brings back some memories No video today sorry guys! My flights about to takeoff back to AZ, have a good day homies Going back home to Arizona today :) Re-watching The Flash with my boy lets go The amount of remixs i've seen of my video is unreal, you guys are hilarious REACTING TO WHAT THE FART RIGHT NOW COMMENTS  Todays videos gonna be a interesting one Any late nighters out there? Don't take life too seriously If you wanna laugh, go read the comments on my new video I'm pretty sure that'll get the job done WHAT IF I FART RIGHT NOW FaZe Adapt - WHAT THE FART RIGHT NOW (Official Video)  WHO's READY FOR THIS DROP?? THE MUSIC VIDEO COMES OUT TODAY WE MADE A MUSIC VIDEO.  What kind of video do you wanna see today? SURPRISE TRUST FALL CHALLENGE  I'm literally filming a music video about farts right now THIS IS REALLY HAPPENING.  I just played soccer, scored a goal. No big deal or anything I just might fuck around and become the next Ronaldo thats all Look who showed up... VISITING AN ABANONDED INSANE ASYLUM...  Should I make a video of me and all my bros going to an abandoned insane asylum at night, some trippy shit might go down... READING MY GIRLFRIENDS INSTAGRAM COMMENTS  Just spilt GFuel all over my favorite white t-shirt, and I just fucking washed it god dammit I love life FAN ROBS THE FAZE HOUSE.  Currently laying down some heat in the studio I'm making a Q&A with the little guy ask us some questions that involve skits or that we haven't answered before! #AskAdapt I just like to make people laugh Just got a preview to my 2 Million Subscriber montage, i can't wait for you guys to see this! SOMEONE ACTUALLY SENT THIS.  Someone sent us a LIVE fish in the mail.how is that even possible? Well I just woke up, at 2pm. Nice. I was in the parking lot trying to unlock tommy's car yanking the handle and shit until I realized it wasn't tommy's car, what a fail lol I think I'm gonna make a YouTube video today Legend Just walked around inside an abandoned insane asylum, that was some trippy shit An Awkward Time To Hit a Clip.#9  Working on a lot of cool projects right now, I can't wait for you guys to see them RT if this little x has had a negative impact on your life I seriously love you guys &lt;3 the recent support on my videos has been amazing, thank you! NOT AGAIN.  Taking 3 hour naps in the middle of the day is really counterproductive, I should probably stop doing that Hi THEY FIRED HIM...  Well I just went to Subway and the manager told me they fired Antonio.R.I.P. I just cracked the shit out of my phone, what a great way start to the day :-) Just another day at work FAZE ADAPT THE TYPE OF.#3  Everyone in the FaZe House has over 1,000,000 Subscribers now #FaZeUp Hitmarkers are going to ruin my life I HIT THE STINKER!!  Just had some trippy ass dreams SO IT HAPPENED AGAIN.  My Subway video has over 100K likes, THATS CRAZY! I'm about to go back and order a sub from Antonio now, hopefully it goes well STINKER CONFIRMED Just hit a dope mw2 trickshot, I literally love this game THIS WENT VIRAL...  I'm literally eating chips and guac while streaming GTA at the Rockstar headquarters, lets go boy ITS A BEAUTIFUL DAY Who's awake? I CAN't BELIEVE THIS... via Yesterday I got totally mistreated by a employee and I made a video explaining what happened, it'll be up later today. Dropped out of school now we... THIS IS VIDEO GAMES  I have a dope vlog going up today from the Columbus trip this weekend, I got a lot of cool footage so make sure to check it out! Got to hangout on tour bus after watching him kill the show, good shit man. 10/10 Performer This Logic concert is too We broke 30 Million video views last month! Thats my most viewed month on YouTube, thanks for watching IS THIS A JOKE...  Seeing live tonight, TOO HYPED! Mw2 will always be the best CoD PRANKING FAZE APEX...  Headed back to the FaZe House, this event was actually so much fun. Definitely gotta go to more #FaZeUp A tree collapsed and is blocking the whole road into our house and we can't get around it, isn't this how a horror movie starts? IS THIS REAL?!  Heres what a sleepover in the FaZe House sounds like Drinking Oreo Milkshakes every night can not be good for my health but they fire Apex is so god damn short WHO SENT ME THIS...  I accidentally signed someones hat fart instead of Adapt when they handed it to me.I think my brain is broken Just met fans with Rain for almost two hours, thanks to all the dudes who came through! Somewhere in Ohio ( GHOST IN THE FAZE HOUSE...  We're literally staying in a cabin in the middle of the woods, this shit is straight out of a horror movie I just hit another trickshot.HOW?? THE MOST AMAZING GAMMA TOWER EVER!!  Just got escorted out of Walmart by some police officers for carrying around my camera lol wtf So hyped to go to Columbus with my bros tomorrow THERES NO FUCKING WAY.  Make today the best day of your life MY BEST TRICKSHOT OF ALL TIME!!  UPLOADING Im uploading my best trickshot i've ever hit today.i still can not believe i hit this My phone can just die at 32%.thats cool I guess? TO THE CITY About to see Batman v Superman with my bros its kinda lit (but not too lit) IM LITERALLY FREAKING THE FUCK OUT OMFG I JUST HIT MY BEST TRICKSHOT OF ALL TIME WTF IS GOING ON REACTING TO MY SISTER SMACKING ME!  If I had to describe myself in one word it'd be dominant force Happy Easter FAZE HOUSE TAKEN OVER.  Just bought a new camera to start making videos with, really excited to start using this beast :D When the Uber driver doesn't have an aux cord it makes me kinda sad FAZE ADAPT TRICKSHOTS FAZECLAN  Snapchat is so much fun Thank you again for all the kind words today, you guys make me so happy and I'm so lucky to be able to do this everyday. Thank you! 2 MILLION SUBSCRIBERS!!  I HiT 2 MiLLiON SUBSCRiBERS! Thank you guys all so much thats insane!! I love you all 150 SUBSCRIBERS AWAY FROM 2 MILLION! Go Subscribe if you haven't! Suhh Taking the red eye back to NY, have a goodnight homies MY NEW MIXTAPE! ft. Moe  Shoutout to the homie at Einstein's for giving me a free bagel, you the man 7K Away from 2 Million subscribers IT FINALLY HAPPENED...  Hello my friends WE RODE A WHALE...  I just ate a whole bag of chips for breakfast Getting so close to 2 Million Subscribers IM SO EXCITED! I love basketball FaZe Adapt vs FaZe Rug!  Who do you got your money on? I got a speeding ticket god dammit Alright guys I'm hitting the road for the next 6 hours, peace out San Diego it's been real About to ball up Anyone awake? I just hit 300 Million total video views on my channel! Thank you guys for continuing to watch my videos everyday, I LOVE YOU ALL Need to move to Cali ASAP SHAYTE. Contemplating on getting gucci flip flops just so I can. Use code ADAPT for 30% off GFUEL! It's only live through the weekend so make sure to grab some! MY REACTION TO THE MANTA...  GOOD MORNING When you got the whole theatre to yourself I literally just hi-fived a dolphin, no big deal SHE MADE ME DO IT.  Loving this Cali weather I'll be posting a lot on Snapchat while on vacation the next few days, check it out - AdaptSnaps Straight chillen SHE GOT A TATTOO! Time to hop in my car and drive for the next 5 hours, have a great day everyone! I've been editing videos sine 1am and all I wanna do is sleep I can make it. Made 4 videos today, 2 more to go and I'm chillen for the next week Going to Cali tomorrow :) ROASTED BY MY LITTLE SISTER...  I POSTED THIS?!  THE BEST CALL OF DUTY...  Mw2 video today? Some guy at the grocery store yesterday told me I looked a lot like a famous YouTuber he knew.I wonder who he was talking about THE BEST PRANK EVER!  Back in Arizona I WALKED IN ON THIS.  Headed back to AZ with Moe and Roman, these last 4 days we've had so much fun but I'm excited to get back home :) It's almost 7AM, I still haven't slept and I'm going into NYC. This should be fun Who's awake? Barber: Whatchu want fam? Moe: you know spaghetti? Barber: i gotchu Making a Q&A w MOE! Ask us questions with #AskAdapt GUESS THAT YOUTUBER! w/FAZE TEEQO  I GOT BUSTED...  What video do you guys wanna see today? Definitely had to make the late night run to Dennys for some cinnamon pancakes An Awkward Time To Hit a Clip.#8  THAT WAS SO CRAZY LOOK WHO's HERE.  Thanks for 1.9 Million subscribers! 2 Million is just around the corner :) Going to pick the special guest from the airport rn FAZE ADAPT THE TYPE OF.#2  Every time I get pulled over its always the nicest cop ever, I'm so lucky lmao. Today I realized I've been wearing the wrong size shoes for the past two years, its all good tho SPECIAL GUEST AT THE FAZE HOUSE...  HOTDOG MISTLETOE PRANK  HAPPY BIRTHDAY MILAN! I pulled off such a hilarious prank on one of my roommates I can't wait for you guys to see this it'll be up later today! REAL LIFE TRICKSHOTTING!!  I GOT AN IDEA THE MOST INTENSE BASKETBALL GAME EVER...  Just played the most intense basketball 1v1 of my life.peep it on my channel later today How cool would it be to be able to actually fall asleep when you wanted to Thanks for 800K followers!! I WISH I WAS STEPH CURRY  STEPH CURRY IS SO FUCKING GOOD Some people really don't know how to be original BEAUTIFUL MORNINGG Don't play yourself. Just met a fan at chipotle, he told me I sucked at CSGO. Really appreciate the support Got a funny little skit going up today :) Trying to find a balance It's literally been raining for 4 straight days HOME ALONE AT THE FAZE HOUSE...  I'm home alone at the FaZe House today FOOD GETTING THROWN ON ME...  Waking up to the sound of rain is such an awesome thing AWKWARD FAN EXPERIENCE...  So I just hit my best Black Ops 3 trickshot ever my first time playing in a few days fuck yeah I want to upload a CoD video but not another commentary.you guys keep asking but I just don't know what to make that'd be entertaining lol I really should aim to get out of bed before 1 in the afternoon LOVE AT FIRST SIGHT  KICKED FROM FAZE  The FaZe House skits are easily my favorite type of videos to make, we have too much fun making them lol I've been laying in bed refreshing my Twitter every minute for the past two hours, this is really getting boring might have to get up soon. THINGS GOT WEIRD.  DAMN DANIEL Seeing Bryson Tiller on Monday in NYC.TOO HYPED I CAUGHT HIM!!  About to hop on a plane and fly back to the FaZe House, have a goodnight friends Todays my last day in Arizona, leaving tonight on the red eye back to NY Thank you guys so much for all the recent support, it seriously makes me so happy seeing you guys enjoying my videos. I love you all &lt;3 INSIDE THE MIND OF FAZE ADAPT  SO HYPED TO WATCH DEADPOOL THE WORST VIDEO I've EVER MADE.  Hope everyones having a good Valentines day PRANKING MY GIRLFRIEND!  I gave my girlfriend a bracelet with our wrong anniversary date engraved in it as a valentines day prank, I'll be uploading it later today! Why do so many people associate happiness with money? Try to find other things in life that make you happy and see where that takes you. Life is good I met a fan from California as he was driving through AZ with his family stopped at a gas station pumping gas, what are the chances lol. CRAZY BASKETBALL TRICKSHOTS!  I almost just accidentally hit my old math teacher with my car lol BEST BIRTHDAY GIFT EVER!!  Thanks for 1.8 MILLION Subscribers :) Getting closer and closer to that 2 Mlli. Not looking forward to going to the dentist this morning About to go to my first NBA game and I'm seeing way too HYPED. REACTING TO COLLEGE PRESENTATION ON FAZE ADAPT  So someone made a presentation about me and presented it to their whole college class.oh god Hi IT's BACK.  Don't ya just love water Oh hey look its Drake That was the sickest halftime show ever, they killed it. FaZe Adapt's 2016 Gaming Setup!  Panthers will win 34-27, I'm calling this bitch this year just watch. Hm.what video should I make today? Googling Myself  Feels good to be back home :) CS:GO Noob Plays Competitive!  About to takeoff back to Arizona, have a great day people! FAZE HOUSE HANDSHAKES  Doing a Q&A w the little dude tweet us questions using the hashtag #AskAdapt I can finally play competitive on CS:GO, catch me on the pro scene real soon guys I HIT THE GAME WINNER!!  It hasn't even been 24 hours since we got the FaZe car back and it has another flat tire THIS IS AMAZING.  I've put off doing my laundry everyday for the past two weeks now I have not one single article of clothing and I just showered god dammit FAZE ADAPT THE TYPE OF.  I am literally chillen so hard right now Old school Eminem is the best THIS IS SO CREEPY.  Another One. Just dropped 45 pounds on my toe. R.I.P. FAVORITE MOMENTS AT THE FAZE HOUSE!  OH SHIT NEW DRAKE LETS GO I wish I could play basketball all day MESSING WITH YOURSELF  Haven't tweeted in a few days so here's a new tweet for you guys. HACKED  REAL LIFE QUICKSCOPING!!  Kanye Vs Wiz We have no room in our car so Blazeiken is literally laying in the trunk hahahaha Call Of Duty Noob Plays CS:GO! #2  Been having a lot of fun playing CSGO recently, just made another video on it. It'll be up later :D I've been listening to the same song for the past hour and a half and didn't even realize it MY LUCKIEST SHOT EVER!!  I like shoes way too much Starting off the week the right way with an amazing workout Good news guys, the little guy made it to the house safe and sound! GAMING NERD CRIES ON YOUTUBE  About to be posted up at target with my boys, hell yeah #TargetSquad Earlyy in the morning FAZE APEX IS NOT SAFE  Today's video is going be very interesting, I think you're all gonna love it Theres so much snow holy shit, Long Island literally issued a travel ban for anyone on the roads. Thats how bad it is. Some fans are so disrespectful. This is our house, we live here, please stop beating the door and spamming the doorbell. It's been an hour. Apparently a blizzard is coming to NY.OH SHIT ITS GONNA BE LIT FAZE CLAN ON TOUR!  Call of Duty Noob Plays CS:GO!  Playing CSGO for the first time ever.should I make a video out of it? INSANE FAZE CLAN FAN ART!!  I didn't even realize it but I hit 1,700,000 SUBSCRIBERS. Thats ridiculous, lets get this 2 Mill boy. So just came through the FaZe House and showed us some of his new music , what a great dude. One of my favorite fan arts, some of the stuff you guys make is ridiculous.#FaZeUp A lot of people recently have been telling me I look like LeBron James I just woke up in Apex's bed somehow Cops just pulled us over to ask us what our FaZe Names are LMAO Trying To Make a YouTube Video  I saw everything thing go down yesterday and it was extremely saddening. I hope he gets better and I get my bro back soon. #WeLoveYouBanks 720K Followers. Oh my god yes. THE WORST IDEA EVER!  A fan named Lucas stopped by and gave this to me yesterday, and It's so fucking dope. Thank you OH SHIT IT's SNOWING Don't be afraid to be yourself, fuck what anyone else thinks. THIS IS AWKWARD  Get hacked noob lmao THE WORST ROOMATE EVER  I have such an awesome video going up today, editing it right now it'll be up very soon! Bryson Tiller got that heat RISE AND SHINE BITCH Today was a very productive first day back at the FaZe House, everyday should be like this DO YOU EVER JUST.  I literally eat Subway every day LET ME BE THE NEW SPOKESMEN GOD DAMMIT Just took the nicest nap of 2016 Wow I'm awake pretty early Landed in NY and its so fkn cold I can barely type this my fingers are gonna freeze off Taking off to NY Have a good day everybody :) Don't trip. Welp MY BEST BLACK OPS 3 TRICKSHOT YET!  Last day in Arizona today :( Doing a Q&A! Ask me questions using #AskAdapt Ask a good/original question to be in the video! WHERE AM I?!  Thank you for 700,000 Followers, Getting closer to that 1M. A fan just recognized me as I was driving past him, seeing his reaction in my rear view mirror was priceless STINKER GONE WRONG...  Been having a lot of fun making videos recently, I'm glad you've all been enjoying them too :) HEY HOW TO BE FAZE ADAPT  THE MASSAGE CHALLENGE (UNCUT)  I've been lucid dreaming all morning DON't MAKE ME DO THIS  This protective glass sure is great WHITE PEOPLE CAN't DANCE  IM GONNA DO IT!  I haven't been this passionate about making videos in a minute Spitting fire on a night so cold Don't feel like uploading a crappy rushed video today so I'm not gonna upload today, sorry everyone! I'll be back tomorrow! Holding a grudge is like letting someone live inside your mind rent free PSN IS DOWN FANTASTIC I love my girlfriends butt ARE YOU SERIOUS.  Last month we broke 25 Million video views, that's my most viewed month on YouTube so far! Thanks for watching everyone &lt;3 Justin Bieber really is a boss FaZe Clan 2.0 OH MY GOD NO...  As long as I can listen to music I could drive all day GOOD MERNIN Making a Q&A! Ask me questions using #AskAdapt About to set off some fireworks lets hope I don't burn down my house 2016 Goals: Stop farting WE NEED TO TALK...  HAPPY NEW YEAR!! This was the best year of my life and 2016 still gonna top it lets go boy MY MOMS REACTION TO LOSING  YOU GUYS NEED TO WATCH MY NEW VIDEO ITS FUCKING HILARIOUS 2015 went by in a flash My mom's gonna be making a very rare appearance on my YouTube channel today ugh my girlfriend is perfect WE LOST.  Got some new shoes today I have a very important package coming in today. Peep my last tweet for some inspiration Look in the mirror and you might see yourself. FAZE = ILLUMINATI 100% CONFIRMED  Woke up in the hills this morning ASSAULTED BY A BABY  Rare footage of FaZe Apex boxing INSANE BLACK OPS 3 SUICIDE TRICKSHOT  Last day in AZ today, been having so much fun I don't wanna leave A Day in The Life of FaZe Adapt!  Goodnight world, don't let the bug bites bed or whatever the saying is WHY CANT I HAVE A CLONE OF MYSELF TO EDIT VIDEOS FOR ME THAT WOULD MAKE THINGS MUCH EASIER Today couldn't have been any better I HIT A TRICKSHOT ON CHRISTMAS!  I started this year with 500K Subscribers and now I just hit 1.6 Million, thats unreal. Thank you for making this the best year of my life Woah, I just hit a sick ass shot. It's a christmas miracle! REACTING TO CHRISTMAS PRESENTS  If anyone can donate any amount of money to help this amazing kid it would be greatly appreciated. TY. Nothing but smiles on my face today MERRY CHRISTMAS!! SPEND SOME TIME WITH YOU FRIENDS AND FAMILY FOR ME, I LOVE YOU ALL! Feelin the Christmas vibes Happy holidays to all you amazing people I'm gonna be real with you guys right now, I fucking love french fries FAZE ADAPT VS GIRLFRIEND  I'll never understand how people can go about there whole day pretending to be/impersonating someone else over the internet, makes no sense. Making a Q&A w my girlfriend, tweet us questions with #AskAdapt for a chance to be in the video! SUSPENDED FROM GRADUATION.  FAZE ADAPT PLAYS THE IMPOSSIBLE QUIZ  About to takeoff to AZ, have an amazing rest of the day people :) MY REACTION TO BEATING MY FREE RUN RECORD!  I CANT WAIT TO SEE MY GIRLFRIEND TODAY UNSEEN FOOTAGE OF FAZE ADAPT.  Stinky. FART. I HIT THE SUICIDE TRICKSHOT!!  Double uploading today :) Guys my iPhone video took wayy longer to make than expected so I'm gonna have to wait till tomorrow to upload it, forgive me plz I'm about to make a cool ass video WTF BLACK OPS 3 GLITCH?!  When you wake up at 2 and the sun goes down at 4 its just a little bit depressing My setup 2 years ago vs my setup now, damn NEW ADAPT vs OLD ADAPT  The FaZe House needs a chef because all I can make is 45 second microwave corn dogs and that's not cutting it anymore. GUESS THAT YOUTUBER! w/FaZe Apex  Guess That YouTuber with my boy going up right now! WTF IS THAT?!  Hippity Hops I LOVE WHAT I DO INSANE RARE SUPPLY DROP OPENING!!  Just opened like 100+ rare supply drops, video going up soon! IRON MAN IS A PORN STAR?!  Here's a new tweet for you guys. PAYING FOR CLOTHES WITH TWITTER FOLLOWERS  I'm uploading one of my best videos ever today, don't miss this one dudes. NYC was too dope ( YOUTUBE COMMENTS.  MY FIRST SICK BLACK OPS 3 TRICKSHOT!  Way too excited to go into New York City today, I've lived here for almost 4 months and I've never gone. I'm gonna Vlog it too ADRIANNA VISITS THE FAZE HOUSE!  I FINALLY HIT MY FIRST GOOD BO3 TRICKSHOT YES R.I.P. Sleep schedule I missed the fight but its all good I saw the whole thing on vine No WARRIORS I really wanna tweet some fire right now but I got nothing so lets just all pretend that I did and like this bitch up, thanks guys FIGHT NIGHT REACTING TO MY WORST VIDEO EVER!  BREAKING MY FREE RUN RECORD!!  If the only way you can make someone laugh is at the expense of someone else then you're not funny, you're a dick. AIR HORN AT THE FAZE HOUSE!  Just picked up soo much fan mail, its like christmas came early this year :) Don't believe everything you see on the internet CRAZY BLACK OPS 3 TOMAHAWK TRICKSHOT  What videos do you guys wanna see today? RISE AND SHINE BITCHES When you accidentally press Siri after deciding to go to Burger King Hey Marshall I CALLED OUT THE TRICKSHOT!  THE COOLEST THING EVER  BALL IS LIFE  Hello I'm in the top 1,000 subscribed YouTubers, that's pretty cool. Thank you so much for all the support on the Draw My Life, it seriously means the world to me and I fucking love you guys. Thank you. Draw My Life - FaZe Adapt  The vid Im about to upload, I put my work into than any vid I've ever uploaded so it'd mean a lot to me if you guys showed it some love,thx! Very very excited for you all too see my Draw My Life today, it's going up in about an hour! I'm SORRY.  guys I'm still editing :( this video is taking so much longer than expected I'm sorry Guys my Draw my life is coming out today still working on the edit but it'll be up soon, been working on this for like 5 hours now lol Draw my life comes out tomorrow :o JEV MOVES INTO THE FAZE HOUSE?!  I GOT MY ASS KICKED  Adding DJ Kahled on Snapchat was one of the best decisions I've ever made Doing a Q&A with my bro ask us questions with #AskAdapt It's That Time of The Year.  It's currently 1:30 PM and everyone is still sleeping at the FaZe House I GOT CUT OFF  Finally back at the FaZe House FAZE SHOES?!  I was #9 on the stand by list for the next flight to NY and of fucking course the only had room for the first 8 people. I HATE MY LIFE. I've never been so annoyed in my life Don't you just love it when you sit in the line to go through security for an hour and end up missing your flight Going back to NY today, not looking forward to the cold but I'm excited to see my friends THIS IS MY HOUSE...  We hit 1,500,000 Subscribers Thank you guys so much for the recent support, you're all amazing &lt;3 Holy shit its already December WHY IS IT SO FKN COLD Made a new friend today The Annoying Girlfriend  I GOT TRICKSHOTTED.  I just got trickshotted on Black Ops 3...I can't believe it Who's awake? My Mom's Gonna Hate This...  I've been laying in my bed debating for 20 minutes on whether or not this chocolate cake upstairs is worth getting out of bed at 1am for I just witnessed my little sister FaceTime my other sister who is upstairs to tell her to like her Instagram picture. STOLEN CAR PRANK!  Getting really close to 1.5 Million subscribers :) LITTLE SISTER PLAYS BLACK OPS 3!  Just pranked the shit out of with my boy check it out on my channel tomorrow I'm thankful for each and everyone of you guys, thanks for letting me do what I love everyday. #blessed I ate so much food I feel like I'm gonna explode ATTEMPTING THE CONDOM CHALLENGE  HAPPY THANKSGIVING!! I'm not saying I have insomnia, but how come whenever I wanna get some god damn sleep I just lay in my bed completely awake for an hour THE NEW FAZE HOUSE?  I GOT PULLED OVER!!  Chill bro, Its just a prank. Doing a Q&A with my boy tweet us some questions using #AskAdapt FaZe Adapt vs FaZe Rain - BO3 Sniping 1v1  Oh god After missing my first two flights I'm finally back in Arizona Tweeting this from 30,000 feet in the air. FREE RUNNING  My uber driver just asked me if he could tryout for FaZe lol I can't get over how good #TheIncredibleTrueStory is You killed it man Please let me hit the BO3 stinker. GUESS THAT YOUTUBER! w/FaZe Blaziken  Going back home to Arizona today What Was I Thinking.  Roman Atwood is the man. BANNED  This is the first time I've woken up before noon in like two weeks lmao REACTING TO MYSELF STUTTERING  So I asked for 10K likes in an hour and you guys did it in 15 minutes.time for me to make this video now R.I.P. 5,000 LIKES IN 5 MINUTES NoO WTF R.I.P. FAZE ADAPT  We hit 200,000,000 video views today!! That's amazing, thanks to everyone who continues to watch my videos. I love you guys &lt;3 It's always so much fun ballin STRICTLY BUSINESS #2  MY FIRST BLACK OPS 3 SUPPLY DROP OPENING!  Double upload today? THE NEW FAZE ADAPT!!  46 Minutes later and my video hasn't hit subboxes yet.SICK To anyone out there going through a hard time always remember it gets better, might not seem like it but it always does. Keep your head up. Hi Me and that Shat man are officially tatted. How Adorable.  I GOT BUSTED!!  Woke up to 600K followers on Twitter today, thank you guys Just got a new MacBook #PrayForParis REACTING TO ME ON THE NEWS!!  For the next three days you guys can get 40% off using my code ADAPT40 You can get it here! Its 3PM and I just woke up sup foo FAZE CLAN PLAYS BLACK OPS 3!!  Got an awesome video going up featuring The Squad today Steph Curry is too good PRANKING THE FAZE HOUSE!  You know when you're laughing your ass of while editing a video thats its gonna be a good one.don't miss this one guys Double uploading today! EXPOSING FAZE APEX!  When this album drops on Friday the 13th everyone is in for a treat.#TheIncredibleTrueStory I heard album #TheIncredibleTrueStory yesterday from start to finish, and it was honestly one of the best albums I've ever heard All I can hear from my room while trying to play BO3 is the sound of FaZe Rain farting. I really do love BO3. THE SQUAD RETURNS FOR BO3!  Don't be afraid of change, embrace it instead. Apex ate all my sweet tarts :( FaZe House VLOG  I think I'm gonna take a break from Black Op 3 and eat some caesar salad BLACK OPS 3 TRICKSHOTTING WITH FAZE!  I think I might be the unluckiest trickshotter MY FIRST BLACK OPS 3 TRICKSHOT?!  I hate my life Just hitmarkerd the actual craziest FFA shot.completely across the map too Why do the servers keep going down god dammit come on vondy Excited to go home and try out the new zombies BLACK OPS 3 LIVE SNIPING GAMEPLAY!!  Anyone else having issues with sound not playing through the headset? It's so cool seeing what fall looks like in NY, so many pretty colors Goodbye Black Ops 2  It's been a fun two weeks since I've been home but time to head back to the FaZe House #FAZE3MIL ITS ALMOST TIME I'm DYING...  Two...more...days... I always get sick at the worst possible time THERE WAS AN EARTHQUAKE...  Thanks for 1.4 Million Subscribers :) I'm not down with Twitter changing favorites to likes, this is some SHIT TWO YEARS IN FAZE.  So two years ago today I joined FaZe. MY HOUSE SHOOK THAT WAS SOME CRAZY SHIT WTF I JUST FELT AN EARTHQUAKE Oh shit I just realized my two years in FaZe is in like 2 days My new favorite shirt I'm GONNA BE ON TV!!  My videos taking an hour and a half to upload.really missing that FaZe House internet right about now REACTING TO ME SMACKING MY GIRLFRIEND!  HAPPY HALLOWeeN!! I got interviewed by a local new station for television today, it was pretty sweet BASKETBALL TRICKSHOTS!!  Got a really sick basketball video going up tomorrow The sky is literally purple wtf MILAN DOES THE WATER BOTTLE TRICK?!  Today's videos gonna go up a little late, having some technical issues sorry peeps Doing a Q&A with my little sister ask us questions using #AskAdapt Got my Snapchat back boys we're good OMG.  Just one of those nights PENALTY SHOOTOUT CHALLENGE!  Nothing beats bumping music in your car RISE AND SHINE BITCHES HOW I FAILED MY DRIVERS TEST 3 TIMES.  Feels good to finally be home Just saw this hahahahaha Last day in Disney today :( FAZE ADAPT SMOKES WEED  I didn't vlog my trip to disney but I did Snapchat it, add me to check it out! - AdaptSnaps TROLLING ON OMEGLE  The Tower of Terror is soo much fun Currently listening to two kids in my theatre argue over wether or not I am FaZe Adapt. One year Thank you for all the amazing feedback on my video today, really glad you guys enjoyed it! Landed in Cali, excited to go to Disney tomorrow :) ONE YEAR WITH MY GIRLFRIEND  Today's my one year anniversary with Adrianna, time really does fly man FAZE ADAPT VS FLY  Excited to go back home today This is the smartest fly I've ever encountered, THIS THING IS IN MY HEAD PLAYING GAMES WITH ME AND I CANT KILL IT. IM GOING CRAZY. There/s a fly in my room and he's going to die. REJECTED.  Going on Omegle under FAZEADAPT come say whats up! IMPERSONATING FAZE ADAPT  The video I'm uploading today is definitely one of the funniest videos I've ever made. We making some serious moves out here at the FaZe House Should I make another Omegle video soon? SCARING FAZE RAIN  Finally got my revenge on can't wait for you guys to see this. BO3 in 17 days people.we can make it REAL LIFE WOULD YOU RATHER!!  So sick of CoD BROKEN ANKLES  Pinnaple GFuel FAZE BANKS PRANKED ME!!  Wow I just got out of bed I love the feeling of getting work done and being productive F*CK YOU FAZE RAIN  I NEED FOOD Nice mom. Hey hows your ankles? FaZe Adapt vs FaZe Censor - $200 REMATCH  Don't you just love it when you have a shit ton of laundry to do :) One day I will become The Flash Just rematched in a Basketball 1v1, DON't MISS IT TOMORROW! I am the second verified retard after Nordan Shat MY REACTION TO GETTING VERIFIED  LETS GO BOY I can't believe I recorded my live reaction to my seeing that I got verified.just wait for my video today dudes That checkmark looks really nice next to my name MY ROOM IS FLOODED  I LEFT MY POSTER AT THE AIRPORT GOD DAMMIT An Awkward Time To Hit a Clip.#7  Going to the pumpkin patch, about to cop a sick ass pumpkin HOVERBOARD IN THE AIRPORT  The day I leave the FaZe House my room gets flooded and everyone meets Logic, thats just great Got a pretty cool vlog going up today :) make sure to check it out when its up dudes! SCARIEST HACKER EVER!  Andd we're back to AZ Was awesome having my boy hangout at the house the past week, come back soon homie! HOW WELL DO YOU KNOW FAZE RAIN  Fuck it I'm just gonna have to upload late AF but the streak continues. is it too late to upload? Been uploading everyday for the past year & a half and the streak ends today because of internet issues, I couldn't be more upset right now Somehow managed to lose my camera in the FaZe House.WHERE THE FUCK IS IT? Haven't been awake this early in a minute BROKEN YOUTUBE PLAQUE PRANK!  MY MOST RANDOM TRICKSHOT EVER!  Unreliable People &lt; The Flash comes back tomorrow I'm so excited ALMOST GOT INTO A FIGHT.  MAKE GAINZ EVERYDAY! This time of year is the best FaZe Adapt vs FaZe Censor - $100 BET  WHAT IS HE DOING.  Making a reading Xbox messages video with send in something ORIGINAL and FUNNY for a chance to be in the vid! BEFORE I WAS IN FAZE.#2  I need to start locking my computer This is some depressing ass weather, I'd take the AZ heat over this any day. My Roommate. Hurrican Joaquin is coming. THE GAMMA ACCIDENT.AGAIN!  Sleeping through your alarm is the worst feeling ever THE SHORTEST MAN ALIVE  TRICKSHOT FOR MY GIRLFRIEND!!  I need to start making more skits GORILLA ATTACKS FAZE HOUSE!  Doing a Q&A with the little guy ask us questions using #AdaptAndApex I love the Rain, and I'm not talking about Nordan Shat, fuck that dude. Eminem will always be the king HOVERBOARD CHALLENGE  Where can I find some sick instrumentals Late night adventures My FaZe House Bedroom Tour!  Today's videos going up a little bit late but I think you'll all really enjoy it! Finally gonna finish my set up at the FaZe House SHE's BACK!!  People who talk shit to you just to get noticed are not your fans I think I might be a shopaholic I was in san francisco last weekend and got a chance to play the new assassins creed early, check it out! #ad FAN HITS SICK TRICKSHOT!  Netflix & Bill? Too hyped to see J Cole & Big Sean live tomorrow FaZe Adapt 1v1's Trashtalker!  I hate MW2 more than I hate anything else on this earth I can't believe I don't have the blue checkmark INTROS.  FUNNIEST Q&A MOMENTS!!  Logic's new track Thanks for 1,300,000 Subscribers Hovering through the streets of San Fran I GOT CAUGHT Hotel beds are always comfy as fuck TROLLING FAZE RAIN  Headed to San Francisco be back soon NY RT When you see it. Early mornings Just had another gamma accident all over my new setup.sweet #FaZeUp REACTING TO OLD VIDEOS #2.  Got a video going up with my longest friend in a few minutes :) Make sure to check it when its up homies! Me and Rain went to sleep last night hoping to wake up at 9AM.it's 2PM. Nice. He Fucked My Bunny.  GREAT JOB BRO FANGIRL ON OMEGLE!! Going on Omegle with search for FAZEADAPT and come talk to us! TODAYS GONNA BE A GREAT DAY Mocking FaZe Banks First tweet from my new computer at the FaZe House When FaZe Adapt Hits a Shot #2. Back to the FaZe House I'm a professional procrastinator DISTRACTIONS  An Awkward Time To Hit a Clip.#6  I need to go skydiving What video do you guys wanna see tomorrow? I DIDN't INSTA SWAP.  Ice cubes son looks more like Ice cube than Ice cube FaZe Adapt - Radio Flow  I got a montage going up today for the first time in a while and it actually turned out really good, I can't wait for you guys to see it! Never be afraid to speak your mind SURPRISING MY GIRLFRIEND!!  CRAZY PLASTIC WRAP PRANK!  Leaving NY and Headed back to AZ today, way too excited to be back home We scheming out here. FaZe Adapt Accepts 1v1 I actually love being busy, it's so much better for me than sitting around not doing anything productive LEAVING FAZE?!  Got another video going up today with my boy going up in a few, be on the lookout! Kinda wanna pull a prank on someone in the house today. Time to put in some work FAZE HOUSE HOVERBOARD RACE!  Been riding these hoverboards so long I forgot how to walk The worst part about living in NY is not being able to see my girlfriend, I miss her too much BEFORE I WAS IN FAZE.  Here's an update tweet for you guys. You can't recycle the time you waste THE ULTIMATE GAMMA TOWER  THE ULTIMATE GAMMA TOWER UNBELIEVABLE CARRIER SUICIDE!  Need to get back in the gym CROSS BOW TROLLING!  I GOT PRANKED?!  Lunchables have been clutch since the 1st grade Get straight meditate like a buddhist The luck I've had so far on BO2 at the FaZe House is RIDICULOUS. So I casually just got a nuclear. GUESS THAT YOUTUBER! w/FaZe Banks  SoaR Throat :/ Today was a very productive day HOVERBOARD FUN AT THE FAZE HOUSE!  Reppin with my boy Kay Hoverboard + Cross Bow = GOD FIRST TRICKSHOT AT FAZE HOUSE!  I want to post two videos today but of course YouTube is broken.nice I love you all so much, I don't say it enough but thank you for all the continued support guys. It means the world to me and I'm so lucky. I FEEL AMAZING Doing a Q&A with my boy Banks, ask us questions using the hashtag #AskAdapt HE INSULTED MY GIRLFRIEND?!  The fuck is this supposed to mean? Making a reading Xbox Messages video! Send me something funny/original for a chance to be in the video! FAZE APEX IS SHORT  This is too much fun Just bought a cross bow.about to cause some chaos in the FaZe House I ate shit on the hoverboard STEALING ROOMMATES ROOM PRANK! We pranked Blaziken so bad last night, I've never seen him so pissed. Video will be up later homies Rumor has it Apex has been wearing the same shirt for 6 months.#FAZE5 I LOVE IT!  RENDER FAILED AT 97% NICE. Trying to get two videos up today but my render keeps failing.hopefully I can at least get one up. I hate nothing more than waking up late. Just lifted up a box in the basement and saw a BIG ASS CENTIPEDE UNDER IT. NO. FUCK OFF. How'd you guys like the new video? YOUTUBERS IN REAL LIFE I think I'm the only one in the FaZe House not addicted to CSGO SUPER JEV  YouTubes playing games Way too excited to get my room set up Who can fist Jev first. What kind of challenges do you guys wanna see The Squad do? Xbox One = TRASH If anyone at the FaZe House sees this please bring toilet paper to the bathroom downstairs .even though half of you already knew SURPRISE! MOVED INTO THE FAZE HOUSE!! Awkward Dancing in Public  NoO.  Gonna be up all night. Straight Outta Compton was so good I'm going to see it again. How dope is this.#FaZeUp THREE POINT CONTEST!  I hit 500K followers! thats crazy, thanks guys!! Got an awesome challenge video going up today with Don't miss it bros! My new best friend. MY FIRST BLACK OPS 3 ACROSS MAP TRICKSHOT  Uploading my first BO3 trickshot right now.can't wait for you guys to see this SICK BLACK OPS 3 SUICIDE TRICKSHOT!!  OH MY GOD WTF IS GOING ON IM SO MAD OMFG WTF Straight Outta Compton = 11/10 I HIT THE TRIPLE!!  Just left the foot doctor and he said my ankle is fully healed R.I.P Boot Boy you will not be missed. Gravity Spikes are so much fun THE WORST BLACK OPS 3 PLAYER EVER  THE LEGEND OF MR. DICKHEAD  Just when I finally get the chance to play the BO3 Beta again it doesn't even work. 7:20 PM SNIPING IN BLACK OPS 3!  Filming some more pranks with the homie Daws They call me Oliver Queen with the Sparrow. Soo close to 500K followers.lets go boy FAZE ADAPT PLAYS BLACK OPS 3!  Black Ops 3 video going up in a little bit :) MY NEW IDENTITY!?  IM PLAYING BO3 Yea BOY GO FASTER #ManCrushMonday I ACTUALLY JUST HIT THAT.  Did I really just hit the Standoff window shot.how the fuck? MORPHING YOUTUBERS!  Todays video should be interesting. I hit 1.2 Million Subscribers, thats awesome! Thanks for all the love guys &lt;3 Shit I need to buy a PS4 THE BRO CHALLENGE!  I've been have the most vivid dreams recently, always in the middle of the day too. THE LUCKIEST TURN OF EVENTS  Time goes by a lot slower when you're microwaving pancakes I WENT OFF!!  Ignore hate, promote peace. 7 Things You Didn't Know About FaZe Adapt  Almost at 1.2M :) I want to lay in my bed all day What an awful picture.#tbt When it's 116 degrees outside Me, Jagger, and Moe all managed to fracture our left ankles within the last month. ALL 3 OF US AND THE SAME ANKLE WTF ILLUMINATI. TWISTER CHALLENGE WITH GIRLFRIEND!  The video I made with Adrianna today is seriously one of our funniest videos ever, I can't wait for you guys to see it I should be a subway spokesmen.like come on I love it. READING YOUTUBE COMMENTS.  ABOUT TO TURN INTO THE FLASH THIS LIGHTNING IS CRAZY About to shave my fully grown beard. Oh how I love reading YouTube comments SO MANY TRICKSHOTS!  THE DUST STORM IS COMING I wanna play zombies AN UNEXPECTED TRICKSHOT!  Shit I'm awake early #TeamNoSleep Thank god I'm not going back to school tomorrow I wanna play basketball :( WTF DID I JUST HIT?!  MEETING A FAN!  Forever awake at 2AM editing YouTube videos. BIGGEST FREAKOUT ON XBOX LIVE  Perfect depiction of how bipolar the weather in Arizona is DOUBLE RAINBOW ALL THE WAY ACROSS THE SKY!1!!1 Bought tickets for slide across america and as soon as we get here they shut it down because of a lil storm :( VIDEOS GONE WRONG #2  Would you look at the time MASSIVE FAN FREAKOUT OVER TRICKSHOT!  I HIT BACK TO BACK!  It's the perfect time for a nap THIS SUCKS  I fractured my ankle now I have to walk around with a big ass boot for 2 weeks, fun. God dammit PS4 Just hit back to back killcams at 1:30 AM, LETS GO BOY I seriously have the best girlfriend anyone could ever ask for SEXUAL MESSAGES ON XBOX LIVE  Closing in on half a million Twitter followers Making a Reading Xbox Messages video! Send me a funny/original message to try to make it into the video! HOW DID HE HIT THAT?!  SCARING MY LITTLE SISTER!  Instagram in a nut shell. FAZE ADAPT VS SISTER  #FaZeUp THAT's NOT MY GIRLFRIEND!  I'll be making an appearance on Nordan Shat's channel today Who's up? The Sidemen are hilarious & then she called me a psycho and it was a really awkward situation, don't try to scare your girlfriend people, because it might not be her I was supposed to meet Adrianna for dinner & I thought I saw her walking up and jumped in her face and screamed, turns out it wasn't her If you're going through hell, keep going. It gets better. HE's BACK.  I HIT THE WALLBANG TRICKSHOT!  Theres a big ass dust storm coming.uh oh REACTING TO OLD TWEETS.  Got two awesome videos going up today! These are the editing hours of the day Just ordered my 1 Million Subscriber Plaque :O Can't wait to get it even though it won't come for like two months I'm still HYPED. R.I.P. Meek Guys I know this may come as a shocker but I'm about to make a YouTube video. An Awkward Time To Hit a Clip.#5  I actually love such a great dude. Trying to make videos when you don't feel well sucks, I have a really mad migraine but I'll still try to get at least one video up Sick picture from me and Nords fan meet up last October Hm what video should I make for tomorrow? Double uploads return tomorrow! DOES THAT TRICKSHOT COUNT?!  This is cool I think my body is broken Just picked these up AMAZING FFA NUCLEAR! w/LIVE REACTION!  WAKE UP BITCH When you drive all the way down to the mall and realize you left your wallet at your house. Nice. I CANT FEEL MY LEGS MY BEST SUICIDE TRICKSHOT EVER  STUTTERING  NO IT WAS NOT A 720 INSTA SWAP I JUST HIT ONE OF MY BEST SHOTS EVER WTF WE DID IT!  I stay up too late.goodnight erbody! WE DID IT Trying to build a green screen in this bitch ill mind 5 will always be one of my favorite songs Quick reminder that I love all of you HOW TO END A FFA GAME  SHE GOT RECOGNIZED!  Really glad you all enjoyed the cliff jumping video, gonna have to do another one soon :) Kids on Instagram just don't get it. #VerifyFaZeClan CLIFF JUMPING IN FOSSIL CREEK!!  Uploading my cliff jumping video right now, you guys seriously don't wanna miss this! It's easily one of my favorite videos I've ever made! Yesterday was fun ( But all the footage is awesome and I can't wait to edit it together in a vid for tomorrow, it's gonna be SICK I lost my GoPro twice today while cliff jumping but there was this dude there who kept swimming down and getting it for me, great guy. I ALMOST DROWNED!  MOST TRAUMATIZING EXPERIENCE!  Going cliff jumping today.way too hyped Who's up? Doing a Q&A! ask me questions using the hashtag #AskAdapt Been pretty inactive on the gram recently but we're almost at 300K, thanks guys! WE CHEATED!  Don't make the mistake of caring about someone more than they do about you I ordered a drone today, way too hyped to use this fucker Does anyone know what drone PvP has? HE GOT LOST!  Had to take my vlog down...will reupload in about an hour I'm so glad I decided to start double uploading, I love it! So many negative people THE UNCUT COMMENTARY  Just recorded an uncut commentary and I hated every second of it, the video will be up in about an hour for you can all laugh at me I asked for 20K likes for an uncut commentary and the video almost got 60K.WTF Today is 7/20. Please don't make me do an uncut commentary LETS MAKE A DEAL!  ROASTING FAZE APEX  First video of the day going up in a few minutes! REAL LIFE WOULD YOU RATHER WITH MY SISTER!!  Only have one video going up today, couldn't really vlog yesterday had a lot of personal stuff going on, sorry about that guys Why does this tweet still get so many interactions Doing a REAL LIFE would you rather with my little sister, tweet me questions! I FINALLY HIT A TRICKSHOT!!  I finally got off my dry streak and hit a sick shot :D video is going up In a few minutes! MEETING AN AWESOME FAN!  I love how seriously people take trickshotting nowadays, just try to have some fun with it people lol. RIDICULOUS WALLBANG HITMARKER!  THIS IS INTENSE!  Tweet me your best short jokes About to do a death challenge with Moe, what should the stake be? Yup, double uploads it is. FaZe Adapt - 720 Insta Swap The Montage  Second video of the day going up now, and it's a BO2 Montage :D I HAVE AN ANNOUNCEMENT  I have a very important video going up in a few minutes, don't miss it guys! I'm uploading a montage today solely consisting of almost all my 720 Insta swaps...OH YES I GIVE UP I CAN't DO IT, GOODNIGHT WORLD! So I'll probably be awake for the next few days. I am not going to sleep until a hit a clip Do you love it? I THOUGHT I HIT IT!  I JUST WANNA HIT A 720 INSTA SWAP AGAIN :( Just hit 1.1M BIGGEST FAIL EVER!!  How would you guys feel about double uploads? GOODNIGHT WORLD FINALLY HOME YES Wifi on planes is clutch LOL Taking off Here come the screenshots lmao THE CONJOINED TWIN CHALLENGE!  Finally going back home today :D Doing the Conjoined Twin challenge with Adrianna, tweet us stuff you want to see us attempt to do! MY FUNNIEST PRANKS COMPILATION!  New kicks WE're IN FLORIDA!  Currently uploading my video from the hotspot on my phone #thestruggle Vlog today? I'm lost in Victorias Secret and I can't find Adrianna, SEND HELP ASAP MADE IT TO FLORIDA WORST FLIGHT EVER!!  Only down side is now i look like a fucking lobster from all this sun burn THE BEACH IS AWESOME SAY ANYTHING CHALLENGE! GOING TO SEE ADRIANNA IM SO EXCITED Adios FaZe House But I'll be in Florida with Adrianna tomorrow :) Last day at the FaZe house today :( But yeah, I love it. REACTING TO OLD VIDEOS!!  Scaring FaZe Adapt just hit 1 Million views...whyy GRIND TIME WORST YOUTUBERS EVER Omg i love faze rain Censor just hit the game winning three in face lool About to ball up with the FaZe squad I MET STROBE Just hanging out IM FAZE RAIN NOW!! WAKE UP BITCH HILARIOUS REVENGE PRANK!!  HAPPY FOURTH OF JULY! What am I gonna upload today.? CRAZY 2 PERSON SUICIDE TRICKSHOT!! Me and the homie FaZe Apex is one short mother fucker. I LOVE YOU GUYS LIMITED EDITION T-SHIRTS ARE OUT! ONLY 250 AVAILABLE Just got a MacBook Pro, so hyped to edit videos on this beast 1 Million subscriber limited edition shirts drop tomorrow! BACK AT THE FAZE HOUSE!! The man himself Just made a skit with everyone in the FaZe House and it turned out great! It'll be up soon, don't miss it! The FaZe House Lab PENALTY KICK CHALLENGE!  Taking off Back to the FaZe house I go. TODAYS VIDEO I do not plan on sleeping tonight Taking heat from the reporters right now I hate losing challenges i'm gonna be honest with you guys, I shit my pants way too often How to Get a Free Taco  Uploading my video with How to Get a Free Taco don't miss it! TEEN WOLF COMES BACK TODAY If you don't aim too high then you aim too low I wanna make a draw my life but the thing is I am complete shit at drawing I fucking love hot dogs HE's HACKING MY ACCOUNT!  Oh no JUMPING OUT OF A PLANE!  A Day in The Life of FaZe Adapt - 1M!  About to do some collabs with the homie When mom says you can have a sleepover Recording for that 1M Day in the Life today VIDEOS GONE WRONG!  THE FASTEST TRICKSHOT EVER!  I am the fastest man alive Just found out Mayo and Mayonnaise are the same exact thing. WTF. I actually hit a shot in a speed lobby hahahaha BULLIED ON XBOX LIVE  Reading Xbox messages! send me a funny/original one if you want to make it into the video! Maybe I should make a stutter montage show casing how terrible I am at saying things first take. Paused my video at the absolute worst time I love love love love love love love FUCK YOU RAIN INSANE CROSSBOW TRICKSHOT!  Everybody goes Skydiving when the hit 1M SUBSCRIBERS, I gotta keep the trend alive. I wanna jump out of a fucking plane Just trying to make everyone happy I just want that little blue check mark. HACKING FAZE RAIN!  Currently tweeting from 30,000 feet in the air. Taking Off Can't even cut a good ol comm in the FaZe House because of Mr. Shat An Awkward Time To Hit a Clip.#4 Leaving the FaZe House today :( Jist directed my first short film, will be coming out on Nordan Shat's channel very soon. Q&A WITH FAZE RAIN! Q&A w/ Nord going up now! Doing a Q&A with ask us questions using the hashtag #AskAdapt I LOVE FOOD GUESS THAT YOUTUBER! w/FaZe Rain I have no opinion on Black Ops 3.I'm just gonna wait until the game actually comes out lol Air Nordan Guess That YouTuber makes its return tomorrow featuring I'm IN SHOCK! hey little fuckers It was a great day, goodnight homies Warriors in 6 I still haven't wrapped my head around the fact that 1 Million people have subscribed to me. REACTION TO 1 MILLION SUBSCRIBERS!! Seriously guys thank you so much for watching my videos everyday and being so kind, I appreciate it all and couldn't be happier! THANK YOU!! 1 FUCKING MILLION I HIT 1 MILLION SUBSCRIBERS ON YOUTUBE! THANK YOU ALL SO MUCH FOR ALL YOUR AMAZING SUPPORT. 100 SUBS AWAY PEOPLE Gamma boys ( 500 MORE SUBS UNTIL 1 MILLION 999K As long as I can Insta Swap, I'm okay. I see my boy Vondy on the stage I'm AT THE FAZE HOUSE!!  I love the FaZe House Currently at the Gamma offices, I've never seen so much GFuel in my life. Quickscope SUPRISE!! Jeez.7,000 more subscribers and I'm a ONE MILLION. I CAN't WAIT! HE ALMOST DIED!  Taking off It's gonna be a long travel day today. A Day in The Life of FaZe Adapt - Cali  I am Peter Parker. SO CLOSE TO 1 MILL I missed cutting comms doing here in the lab man. My parents surprised me and re-did my whole set up for me while I was gone, I LOVE IT. Thanks for the 7:20 tweets guys My Reaction to California Screaming.  Its been a fun few days Cali but I can not wait to get home Denny's always comes in clutch THE GAMMA ACCIDENT #2  UPLOADING NOW SHIT I FEEL ASLEEP FORGOT TO UPLOAD MY VIDEO Stay strapped boys ( FAZE FANBOY ARMY!  Grad boys HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY LONGEST FRIEND I LOVE YOU BRO Rest Stop Workouts FaZe Adapt - Take Me Back  NEXT STOP CALI WHOS UP? steph plz I FINALLY HIT IT!!  So now I got some work to do. Going to disney tomorrow :O 400K FOLLOWERS!! WoO LETS PARTY! ITS HAS TO BE MY FLASH T-SHIRT I actually can't believe it I never get that lucky JUST HIT THE WINDOW SHOT LETS GO BOY I'm SO EXCITED!  Thanks for all the birthday wishes guys! FaZe Adapt vs Moe - BASKETBALL TRICKSHOTS First of all I didn't say where I'm 5 mins away from Me: wow 3 kids... those are pretty damn permanent CAROL SINGER: how's everyone doing tonight CROWD: woo ME (from the back in a normal speaking voice): it's actually been a tough few months! my mom yesterday: do u work tomorrow me: yes my mom today: do u work today me: yes i already told u my mom when i'm at work: where are u yep, everyone's life is still better than mine *closes instagram* *opens twitter* ah yes. my fellow trash bretheren. High school teachers: I'm MRS. HARDASS and you will take me SERIOUSLY College profs: what up I'm Josh and class is cancelled cuz I'm tired Any 2 white guys could walk up to me and say "we're The Chainsmokers" and I'd believe them. did everyone just forget about the part of 2016 when literal clowns would chase people with knives in public and nobody really did anything Just so were clear, The Grinch never really hated Christmas. He hated people, which is fair. Me: ... Uber driver: ... Me: 5 stars. my sister is about to have a baby and my brother showed up to the hospital in a suit because first impressions matter SOMEONE TOOK THE TIME TO TRACE OUT THE DISNEY STARS' WAND IN THE AWKWARD COMMERICAL OUTTAKES I'M WHEEZIN Felt cute in this pic might delete soon tho Please check on your friends from time to time. Last night I checked on a friend, and it turns out no one has been asking how he is and he's also been emotionally unstable lately and has been tweeting funny/witty tweets as a plea for help. Check on your friends bc it's very imp't Pewdiepie 2 confirmed by Gloria Borger All woman are queen Also me and Trump are gonna be snapchatting later on about the best North/South Korea memes. I Just saw an ad on one of my videos The only one asking for it is Vice for a lawsuit for slander. I FINALLY HAVE INTERNET PARTY.JPG this is so sad Do u not realise me and makonnen made one of the most legendary albums of all time like think about this shit Nightmares to u is my life to me Facts I'm in my own world Lil peep I'm not good with people I love every race equally Racism everywhere ? Rapist rappers ? Do ur research on the artists u support What do u come from? What is your history? What is your talent? What makes you interesting? Why should I listen to ur music ? Me and makonnens album sounds like interpol wow I just bought a 3DS AINT PUNK ROCK YALL JUST CLICK BAIT ACTING LIKE YALL STUMBLIN UPON A MOVEMENT AT THE LAST MINUTE FUCK A ROCKSTAR BITCH I travel back and forth from earth 616 to based world every day it is exhausting but worth it to do the right thing lil peep x lil b 21 still depressed pray for me :) It's my birthday who cares I admit I am a lil peep clone and the old Lil peep is dead I run pubg Bro me too wtf Lil peep mite not wake up tm Makonnen told me don't lose focus I been focused since trust me My next project is called GOTH ANGEL SINNER (GAS) GOTH ANGEL SINNER COMING SOON I want a Lena the plug hat Gucci gang Denver throw drugs at me on stage please thank u ! Lil peep clams casino so good wow A smile can go a long way Guys it's time for another game of Tweet and delete w lil peep